Thunderbirds remains one of the best television series ever made, be it in Britain or anywhere. The premise of an organization, International Rescue, tasking itself to save lives in extremely dangerous circumstances is a solid one, and combines with elaborate sets, props, and SFX, all held together by lovely characters - billionaire ex-astronaut Jeff Tracy, his five sons, a lovably nerdy engineer nicknamed Brains, elegent Lady Penelope (the TV episode "Atlantic Inferno" explores her relationship with widower Jeff, and brings to the fore her unspoken role as Jeff's surrogate wife and mother of Scott, Virgil, Alan, Gordon, and John) and her ex-con butler Parker, whose Cockney accent (beautifully played by David Graham) remains engaging. With the international success of Thunderbirds came two theatrical releases. It is shameful that neither movie made much box-office impact, for they both are elaborate and entertaining. Thunderbird Six, released in 1968, is the better of the two movies, combining a strong script with the usual strengths of the show - immortal voice performances by Peter Dyneley, Shane Rimmer (an American-born actor who has appeared in countless British films and TV episodes - such as his role as the US submarine commander in the James Bond film Spy Who Loved Me - Shane Rimmer's voice performances would put Janet Waldo, June Foray, or Mel Blanc to shame), David Graham, Sylvia Anderson (the creator of the characters and at the time the wife of the project's producer, Gerry Anderson), and Matt Zimmermann; lush music by Barry Gray; elaborate effects and miniature work. Members of International Rescue have been invited to the maiden round-the-world flight of Sky Ship One, a high technology airship deliberately built to bring back the joy of passenger dirigible flights, flights ended with the Hindenburg disaster of 1937.  The ship was the brainchild of Brains and built by New World Aircraft, whose president knows the Tracy family (the film makes no mention, but it would seem that New World Aircraft is also one of IR's primary equipment suppliers).  Just before the flight is due to begin, the crew of the automated, jet powered dirigible is gunned down and replaced by killers, led by a thug named Foster (voiced by Gary Files), working for a mysterious being know only as Black Phantom (the show's archenemy The Hood, wearing a bad hairpiece; this is the only Thunderbirds story in which Ray Barrett did not voice any characters; in his place here was Keith Alexander). The voyage involves Penelope, Parker, Alan Tracy, and his girlfriend Tin-Tin.  At one point Foster asks Alan if he and Tin-Tin intend to marry.  Alan says no, explaining that the hardships of IR are too much to impose on a wife.  The scene is charming, though it involves a bit of a gap in logic, given that Alan and Tin-Tin already live together on Tracy Island; but then marriage would change the dynamic of their relationship. Meanwhile the hijackers have bugged the entire ship, and record many conversations among the Tracys and Penny.  The purpose is to painstakingly edit together a bogus distress call designed to lure IR into range of The Hood, so he can steal their craft and use their technology to gain power.  Steadily the family wises to the plot, and are barely able to warn Scott and Virgil of the trap.  A gunfight on Sky Ship One ensues, damaging the ship's floatation system and sending it crashing onto a one-thousand foot tower at a missile base. The film contains an interesting subplot exploring the character of Brains.  Denied permission to accompany the others on the voyage, he is tasked with creating a Thunderbird Six for IR, but all his designs are rejected.  His mounting frustration is meant to be comic relief (he trashes every model he builds) but is actually painful to watch; it is burnout to an extreme, something we all have felt at one time or another. The voyage takes the Tracys to many places visited over the course of the TV series - from London (the episodes Trapped In The Sky and Vault of Death) over the Atlantic Ocean (Atlantic Inferno and Operation Crashdive) over New York City (Terror in NYC), over the Grand Canyon (Brink Of Disaster), to Africa (Pit Of Peril; the film even uses a quick cue from Peril's "March of the Sidewinder"), and the pyramids of Egypt (The Uninvited and Desperate Intruder).  One enjoys the voyage to so many places as though we ourselves are part of it. Despite some weaknesses in pace and plotting, the film is solid and worth a look.
A very pleasant surprise, I Robot, brings to the screen exactly what the title implies: Robots-and lots of them!  But that is not the only thing that there is plenty of; it combines action, adventure and comedy, making this movie definitely worth watching.  Will Smith, Bridget Moynahan, and the rest of the cast carry out their performances well, though Will Smith does overdo it with his character's "attitude problem"/ "Chip on his shoulder"etc; it gets tiring after a while, not to mention unrealistic (e.g. being sarcastic and giving the billionaire owner of the robot company a "hard time").  Nevertheless, the setting, the plot, and the special effects are all wonderful, not to mention the ending, which is great.  Therefore, I would definitely line up to watch a sequel!
Just saw UL2 today and while i was on the subject of reviewing that one, i might as well do this one some justice, or injustice since i don't remember liking it. Yes i seen UL years ago...whoopee doo. Ok let me say that the only thing i remember enjoying about this movie was the song 'total eclipse of the heart' (my fave song in the 80s) was playing in the beginning of the movie before victim number one (come on down) ended up being one of the many urban legend deaths to follow. I think that guy who starred in Dawson Creek who can't get katie holmes to fall in love with him happens to be in this movie too and he died an UL death...booyah!! I don't recall of any other stars in this movie but if they were REAL stars, they wouldn't do crappy slasher movies would they? I think this one has better eye candy then UL2 which is probably the main reason why people watch movies like this...to see eye candy victims die.  The song make this one a better movie then UL2 but not much better. Next please...
This movie is a light hearted chick flick. It drags a little at the begining but has a good ending. I liked it because it's hard to find a clean adult movie and this is something I would watch with my younger sister.
What a cute 80's movie!  As an adult I still enjoy it........it had been a long time since my last viewing.  I look forward to showing this movie to my children.  Definitely a magical way to enjoy Christmas time.
This movie seems to have me falling out everytime I see it.This is outright funny. This movie is older that me but the jokes never seems to get old. My favorite part is when the old white lady talks JIVE to the black guy.
Norbit is somewhat of a crude comedy.  It makes fun of overweight people, as well as some rather graphic scenes such as a baby being thrown out the window of a car and rolling down all the way to the front doorstep of the adoption center.  However, it also has some fresh comedy segments that are absolutely hilarious.  The story's about a nerd who falls in love with a girl as a child, only for her to suddenly move away one day and a much bigger and stronger girl becomes his girlfriend instead.  The nerd is obviously terrified of the girl and becomes her boyfriend *only* because he has no choice, haha.  After the nerd grows up, he's still involved in a relationship with the same woman, and lots of jokes making fun of his overweight girlfriend/wife take place.  I like how the family of the woman threatens to the nerd "If you EVER hurt her feelings, I will rip you apart!" scaring the poor nerd even MORE!  He has to worry about his wife along with some members of her family.  One scene even involves the wife making her nerdy husband stay in the basement of their home.  Anyway, one day the nerd gets a surprise visit from the girl he originally fell in love with as a child, and he finds out quickly he wants to be with her... except his wife gets in the way of any possibility of that happening.  Overall it was just a really funny movie that I recommend everyone watches, despite some offensive humor in certain parts.
Jack Benny is almost a forgotten comedian among younger people today.  This movie is probably one of the best comic films ever.  No matter if you have seen it or if you have not seen it, this film is worth watching again  and again.
Fairly accurate as far as tales go, Enslaving gladiators, betting, having a young slave boy caring for a dangerous man, his escape was classic.  Coming across Christians Crusaders and joining them, they become lost and drifted into one of North Americas rivers, encountering Native Americans who hide and attack with range weapons, classic again, One-Eye understands they don't stand a chance of survival against a superior enemy, during the "HELL" sequence I can only conclude that the "drink" they imbibe in was probably a mixture of water, honey and magic mushrooms that would continue to grow in a container if it didn't get to hot or cold.  Those mushrooms easily found on both continents.  One-Eyes decision to sacrifice himself in the last sequence, also classic, so the Native Americans would allow the child to live since trying to fight them would have resulted in both their deaths.  The boy either found a ride back home, or just survived on the coastline of North America.  No real mystery to the story, just a bleak reminder that not everything was coming up roses during that time, it must of been during the middle crusades because of the "introduction" of Christianity, and the supersitions involved with both pagan and early christian folks.  Not a bad story about a harsh time in history.  Not a movie for those who "need" to be entertained.  For those who need that, stick to those horrible feel good fantasy movies where the hero always wins.
Great blue ray collection.  Well packaged space saver.  Warning:  The Game of Thrones series does contain a fair amount of nudity and adult situations.
I loved this movie! I have read all four books twice and the first two three times! The movies goes really well with the books witch I love!
This classic movie has great music, car chases and super actors!  Lots of laughs in this one!  I never tire of this movie!
The opening scene of "The Invisible Man," is visually stunning.  The moment when Rains brushes the snow off the sign to when he opens the Inn door is burned in my mind forever.  The coat, googles and bandages create a great retro style.
It seems kind of pointless reviewing a film as well known and often-seen as It's A Wonderful Life, but I would like to throw in what I think makes this film so great:  The performance of James Stewart.  This film has become such a Holiday fixture I think it's easy to lose sight of just what he did in this film.  It's an amazing performance, so full of honesty and emotion.  It's perhaps one of the most real performances ever given on film, and it certainly stands the test of time.  I've read the original story that this film was based on, and as good as it is, the film surpasses it.  It's an excellent adaptation, fleshing out the characters more and adding so much more conflict and detail.  The supporting cast is terrific, with such reliable actors as Lionel Barrymore, Beulah Bondi, Donna Reed, Thomas Mitchell, Gloria Grahame, Ward Bond, and of course, the wonderful Henry Travers.  The story reminds us of the impact each of our lives has on those around us, an impact we might not even appreciate.  And at a time like Christmas, when we think of family and friends, it's something we need to be reminded of.
Tired and tiresome. Lemme get this straight.  They remake the Fugitive with the Star Wars guy and everybody knows the one armed man did it.  Everyone except Al Gore's very old undergrad roommate.  No, this dude will go to the ends of the earth to get his man, taxpayer's rights and flower beds be darned.  So, the audience likes this creep so much, we get a sequel in which he, in an Arky accent, does a hard target search on every backrow, hedgerow, cornrow and Scott Turow to get his man, cost in dollars, lives and dignity be damned.  Oh, yeah, one more thing, IT IS, AGAIN, THE WRONG FLOCKING GUY!!!  We know that because he is a brother and this fossil apparently only shines when he is centeredly in the wrong.  Does no one else find this a tad creepy?  Don't watch this, try something edifying like women's pro basketball.  My public access channels run JUCO women's volleyball.  Whoo Hoo!!!  Good for hours at a time.  This has been a LawDog "I have not and never will see this movie" review.  Not reviewed for typos.
This is a fantastic concert DVD. I just wish I had seen it live when it all happened in Madison Square Gardens  2009
This is a well-crafted French suspense, horror film with a strong female hero and all the blood and gore most horror fans would need. I enjoyed just about everything this film was doing until the end. Essentially a very promising film that had everything going for it until the writer settled on clique, tired plot elements to wrap the story up and cause the audience to lose just about all investment they had in the characters.
These three films are excellent. It remembers a time to us where it had pureness in the love. It was a wonderful time, but it will not never come back.
When I order this product, I could not find a "Full Screen" one for this particular movie. I HATE WIDE SCREEN!!  Wish you would have more Full Screen DVDs/Videos.
I went in expecting a movie that was intended for women.  In other words, a romance comedy, or something similar.  That's NOT what I got.  Instead I got a really good understanding of the amazing amount of stress that fashion models have to go through in order to stay fit and be as close to perfect as humanly possible.  Because of this movie, I found out that the life of a fashion model is NOT just a simple cakewalk, and that these models really have to work to be the center of attention in magazines and whatnot.  Having to go through life this way is not as easy as it sounds.  You have to dress correctly, walk correctly, have a perfect smile, etc.  Not easy at all.  Meryl Streep plays an old lady who has the NASTIEST attitude I have ever seen someone have.  She isn't afraid to speak exactly how she feels, and the entire movie is about the main character (Anne Hathaway) having to stay focused and fit in with the world of fashion models in order to be successful at her job (even though she appears to be out of place in that kind of environment).  I really liked the movie.  I laughed a bit, learned a lot, and thought everyone's performance was spot-on.  Recommended.
Generally, I'm not attracted to movies that carry a war theme.  However,  there are a few of them that have caught my attention and admiration.  This is definitely one of them.  In fact, 'Platoon' and 'Saving Private Ryan' are my two favourites in this genre.
Bravo John Riley !!!!!!! "The Master Drummer"-Mr. Riley's latest educational offering is as complete an educational and inspirational program as any  drummer could ever dream of....This top quality production is divided up into 4 parts.....the information spans from basic to very advanced--presented in a clear logical progression...the demonstrations are impeccable...this dvd is entertaining, informative, and inspiring...AND--John's Dizzy Gillespie story included in the program is worth the purchase price...(curious--HA !--get the dvd!! you'll love it..)--this is a must have for any drummer !!!--this is a must have for any Jazz musician..--!!!! Hey Amazon--5 stars is not enough--can we give this dvd 100 stars? (Steve Barnes L.A> freelance drummer playing and STILL learning for 50 years.....thanks for the lessons JOHN !!!!)
Filmed in real time using actual United personnel and air-traffic controllers, along with a fine ensemble cast of nonpro actors, Greengrass's ultra-realistic tribute to the victims of 9/11 has the jittery look and flavor of a documentary, though it is largely speculative. Most faithfully, we witness the confusion of authorities on the ground as they begin to suspect that not one, but several planes, have been hijacked, then desperately try to scramble F16s and reroute thousands of aircraft after the first jet hits the World Trade Center. Harrowing to watch and horrifying to contemplate, "United 93" is ultimately an important, respectful film about the extraordinary resolve of ordinary people.
Two-star rating is for technical quality, not the merit of this classic Frank Capra holiday film. (DIAMOND ENTERTAINMENT videotapes are dubbed at sub-standard speeds. Caveat emptor.)  Although now a perennial holiday favorite, in first run "Wonderful Life" failed to earn back its $3.7 million cost.  Shortly after its release, the FBI cited this movie's anti-banker plotline as a common ploy used by Communists. There may be some truth here, for the story was partly scripted by Dalton Trumbo, playwright Clifford Odets and poet/critic Dorothy Parker. All three were investigated for possible Communist activities. Trumbo and Parker were both blacklisted. Odets avoided the same fate by cooperatively naming his "fellow travelers."  SYNOPSIS-- After a large sum of his customers' money is inadvertantly lost, businessman George Bailey (Stewart) attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge into an icy river. He's rescued by an angel named Clarence (Travers). In a clever variation of Dickens' Christmas spirits visiting Scrooge, Clarence shows the despairing man how the townspeople of Bedford Falls would be far worse off if George Bailey never existed.  "It's a Wonderful Life" is also available on <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VDDDVO">DVD</a>. (Includes the colorized version.)  Related item: A year after this picture, Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven starred in THE BISHOP'S WIFE. Here, Grant is angel Dudley, come to help Bishop Brougham and his wife Julia. Unlike Capra's often dark tale, this one's consistently light and charming. One of Cary Grant's best movies.  (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00004XMSN">VHS</a>)  (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000056HE9">DVD</a>)  Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 imdb viewer poll rating.  (8.7) It's a Wonderful Life (1946) - James Stewart/Donna Reed/Lionel Barrymore/Thomas Mitchell/Beulah Bondi/Frank Faylen/Ward Bond/Gloria Grahame/H.B. Warner/Frank Albertson/Todd Karns/Samuel S. Hinds/Sarah Edwards/Sheldon Leonard (uncredited: Carl 'Alfalfa' Switzer/Meade 'Lux' Lewis/Lane Chandler)
Unlike some other reviewers, I for one think that The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was in dire need of an update.  It is pretty widely accepted that no one will ever be able to match the gritty, documentary-gone-wrong feel of the first one and this movie does not try to.  Instead, it turns a classic story into a visual masterpiece.  While it uses its fair-share of horror movie conventions, it breaks through many of them by not only using blood and gore (trust me, there is still a lot of it) and a simplistic "run for your lives" storyline, but also visually interesting and almost poetic filmmaking.  This movie scared a lot of people, despite that fact that half of it takes place during daytime/dusk.  I think that is impressive in itself.  Leatherface chasing you at night while you can't see 10 feet in front of you and popping out of the dark will always make you jump.  Leatherface chasing you though a laundry line full of white sheets while the sun is still in the sky and you can see everything around you is just darn cool to watch!  In addition, this movie has a great cast.  The hallmark of a TCM film is not only a good Leatherface (which this film has) but a seriously disturbing group of family and friends to match in psychological horror what Leatherface accomplishes in physical horror.  To this end, R. Lee Ermey (Full Metal Jacket) and the rest of the Hewitt family deliver wonderfully sadistic performances.  (If you want to see them take these performances to the next level, check out The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning which focuses much more on them)  Jessica Biel and all of her traveling companions/victims also delver good performances.  Despite that fact that most of them are clearly defined as cookie-cutter horror movie archetypal characters within the first three minutes of the movie, they all deliver believable performances (as far as each of their character-types allow).  In my opinion, this is all you can ask for in a 90 minute scare-fest of a movie like this one.  The fact that the villains are arguably better developed than the victims is in my opinion, a credit to the filmmakers' ability to focus on what interests and ultimately scares the audience.  Put all of this together and you get some seriously disturbing stuff executed through an involving and visually stunning movie.  The documentary about Ed Gein is pretty interesting, too.  This along with the other special features makes the special edition a must-have for any true TCM fan.  Check out The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning if you like this one; or if you wish you could see more of R. Lee Ermy and the rest of the Hewitt family.  It's a little more gritty and less artistic, but a great ride, none-the-less.
I've not looked at the special features yet but didn't appreciate the bit of silliness inserted at the very beginning of the main feature. As for the film itself, it's the best realistic, edge-of-your-seat action drama I've ever seen. Yes, surviving the dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch, but I suppose it's possible. As rough as that concrete looked a few frames later, don't surfaces that constantly get washed by water usually develop a slick coating? Comparing this to the latest Batman film leaves Batman wanting, in my opinion. In fact, even without the comparison, Batman seemed overly long as I was watching it. Addendum: I've just watched it again and cannot say enough good about it. Instead of the silliness often seen today where twenty and thirty-somethings are all running about stiff-armed with automatic pistols pointed at everyone's head and they're all kung fu experts, you have a brilliant heart surgeon who's systematically solving his own misjudged case. The dive into the dam's spillway is a bit of a stretch but possible, and considering his options, amounted to the only way of proving his innocence -- the alternative was death by injection. Also, when you watch the special features, you learn that the original script included features that would have made the story less credible. I've watched some of the Harrison Ford thrillers that followed and was disappointed. So I consider this one of those gems that only occur once in a while.
Seller delivered as promised and as described in a timely manner -Thanks so much!  A++++
This DVD is fun & brilliant. The days of saying just 'Don't talk to strangers' are over.  It categorizes all people children run into on a daily basis and teaches them to think of these people as one of 3 categories. So, the child learns to identify the person's category, then they know how to react. I learned so much as a parent.  I love that they also go over the fact that just because we may 'know' someone, doesn't mean that we do what they say, you always ask your 'safe side adult'. Big thanks to the creators!
This is an entertaining and beautifully produced film, perhaps not as factual as "Coco Before Chanel" and obviosly this DVD left out some scenes that could have helped to clarify certain points, such as who was Julia (In real life it was her older sister who remained in the orphanage, but how will you know if you haven't read Chanel's bio?) ) and who is that niece suppose to be? Adrienne's daughter? But Adrienne was not her sister, but her aunt (Her mother's youngest sister). And who is the baby that in one scene the Coco character takes to the orphanage? All this I'm willing to overlook, after all, this is a Hollywood product. What really bothered me was that the movie is advertised as having English subtitles, but they are nowhere to be found, and they are necessary in many scenes because the accent of the actress who played young Coco at times couldn't be understood no matter how many times you went back trying to figure out what she said. Although I never bought Shirley McLaine as a French woman and the arbiter of French Fashion, she did a good job as usual. All together, it's worth watching for the scenery and photography,and for those interested in fashion, the final fashion show at the end of the film was quite impressive.
It can be a little scary ordering from the internet. When you order products on Amazon, you can do it with confidence. When I ordered Heathers I was very excited. Talk about nostalgia, so of course I wanted it to arrive when promised. Amazingly enough it did! I wanted to watch it right away so I was very excited that it came in the exact condition it said it would. Perfect! I couldn't ask for a better shopping experience. When I need that hard to find, can't just go to the store to get, I come to Amazon. The sellers are honest(at least the ones I've dealt with) and the service is good. Try finding that at walmart.
I just love this movie. I bought it and I watch it over and over. All the characters are so believable. And it rates right up there as a top favorite. Gene Rowlands, Sandra Bullock & Harry Connick Jr. All at their best.
For several seasons we heard the rumors that Joss Whedon was working on a musical episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer," but he was being a perfectionist because it had to be just right. Well, "Once More, With Feeling" (First aired November 6, 2001) is about as right as you can get, with every song grounded in the characters.  Add to that the fact that the music is pretty good and how can any fan of "BtVS" be impressed? How many times did you replay the episode on your VCR before you stopped humming some of those songs? I was humming "Every single night..." for at least a week, but only when I was not insisting people should "Let Me Rest in Peace."  I had three different CD versions of the musical plus the "for your consideration" Emmy videotape of the episode before it came out as part of the "Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Season Six" DVD collection.  But if for some reason all you want is just the episode, then this DVD is available.  On patrol one night in a Sunnydale graveyard, Buffy Summers (Sarah Michelle Gellar) suddenly starts singing about how she is "Going Through the Motions" as she dusts vampires.  The next morning she finds out that she is not the only one who has been suddenly bursting into song ("I've Got A Theory/Bunnies/If We're Together").  Even the common people are affected ("The Mustard") and the only people happy with the situation are the two lovebirds, Tara and Willow ("Under Your Spell").  But the power of the music forces Xander and Anya to be honest to each other about their fears regarding their upcoming nuptials ("I'll Never Tell") and it does not help Marti Noxon ("The Parking Ticket").  Spike is also brutally honest with Buffy in his song ("Rest in Peace"), while something Dawn leads Tara to discover that she has been under Willow's spell in more than one way.  Dawn is left out of the song ("Dawn's Lament") but not the dance part of the festivities ("Dawn's Ballet") and meets Sweet (guest star Hinton Battle), the demon behind the music ("What You Feel"), who reveals his plans: marry Dawn and let the Slayer dance herself to death.  Meanwhile, Giles comes to the conclusion that he is just "Standing" in the way of Buffy growing up and both he and Tara decide the time has come to leave ("Under Your Spell/Standing - Reprise").  So Buffy is sent off to fight Sweet alone, but of course everybody shows up to lend a hand ("Walk Through the Fire").  There they learn the horrible truth, that they did not save Buffy from a hell dimension but instead ripped her from the eternal bliss of heaven ("Something to Sing About").  It is Spike who saves her from the demon and the ending is rather anticlimactic when they discover it was not Dawn who summoned the demon but Xander, worried about his future with Anya.  The deal is off ("What You Feel - Reprise") and the gang is left to ask the musical question, "Where Do We Go From Here?"  We all knew Anthony Stewart Head could sing from his acoustic versions of "Green Eyes" and "Freebird" (plus "The Exposition Song"), but Amber Benson certainly does a very nice job with both her big number and the reprise, and you have to give Sarah Michelle Gellar points for giving it her best when you know this is not something she is comfortable doing before the entire world. But then we are back to giving Joss credit for writing songs that played to the vocal strengths (or lack thereof) for his cast (e.g., Willow's "most filler" line in "Walk Through the Fire").  That is why Nicholas Brendon is able to do his retro pastiche that is never going to be breakaway pop hit with Emma Caulfield (I love the sound of the crickets chirping before Anya launches into "Bunnies").  Of course, I am preaching to the people listening to the choir here because fans of the show know they really pulled it off in this episode, which was finished #44 on the "TV Guide" and "TV Land" list of the 100 Most Unexpected TV Moments."  The cover art for this DVD was also used on the videotape sent out by 20th Century Fox/UPN/Mutant Enemy to plug "Once More, With Feeling" for the Emmys (as well as on the CD, the script book, and the poster art for the episode).  However, notice that pictures of Spike and Giles have now been added.  Of course, the only nomination the episode received was for Outstanding Music Direction (for Jesse Tobias and Christopher Beck). Oh, and "Under Your Spell" was the song they were pushing for Outstanding Music and Lyrics that was passed over.  We all thought that once Joss Whedon was nominated for his script of "Hush" the Emmy people had recognized what great work he had been doing in relative obscurity over there on the WB. We figured "The Body" would obviously get a nomination, but that did not happen. Then we though "Once More, With Feeling" was a no-brainer, but, ironically, it turns out we were right and the people who do Emmy nominations do, in point of fact, have no brains.
I would have given it 5 STARS, but because Hanks is out of character several times, especially when he cries at the end. Gump would not cry or have those emotions towards his son. The whole film he played Gump as a naive unaware oblivious person, but then all of a sudden they went for the melodramatic moment at the end, which was simply not needed. He also overplays the part sometimes and lacks believability. Watch it a few times and you will see what I'm talking about.  I give it only 4 STARS and most of those go to Zemeckis for his direction of a film that really takes you in some many directions, and work each time.  YES, you have to be an idiot not to know its PURE HOLLYWOOD, but so what? It works!  People that criticize Hollywood films like this most simply do it to be rebellious. You can admit you like these types of films, but still love cult, underground, independent, foreign films etc. Nobody cares if you like Forrest Gump. It's a movie of life, death, victory, failure, love, hare, anger etc. and it manages to encompass all of those emotions well. For those who criticize it, go make your movie and see how yours turn out.
Like Stones' other biopics of american presidents this is very well crafted. Josh Brolin does a great job starring as Bush jr, and in some scenes he is eerily lookalike. The film alternates between the time just before the invasion of Iraq, and episodes from W:s reckless youth. We get snapshots from the White House, Bushs talks with Powell, Rice, Rumsfeld, Rove and, of course, Cheney. The latter being the important man behind it all is being made clear. We also get episodes from W:s alcoholism, his "rebirth" and most important: the relationship with Bush senior. The heart of the story seems to be this relationship, where senior favors Jeb and find Jr hard to deal with, and where Jr feels patronized and so on. Actually I wonder how true this really is, I mean how much does Stone know about this? And isn't it unethical to speculate about another living man's psyche and shortcomings in a major movie like this, even if it it a former president? The events seems a little too recent for that. Of course, Stone doesn't sink to the garbage level of Michael Moore in this, and all in all the portrait is not wholly unsympathetic. Bush is not depicted as a scoundrel or demonised here.
This is one of the great all-time classics!!! And it's now on Blu Ray!!! The PQ and sound are incredible! The extras(lots of them)ARE on a standard DVD,but that's a very minor qibble,an incredible film looking and sounding better than ever on Blu Ray Disc!!! This is a 2 disc set with the film on Blu Ray on disc one and lots of special features on standard DVD on disc two.
This is a great movie that I watched as a child, I purchased the movie for my niece and nephew, and they loved it. If you have a young child that loves the care bears this is a great movie for them to get the full story on how the care bears came together.This is a must have for true care bear fans.
~~I had a previous concert but I love him in this one.  I especially love when he refers to history because he knows we Americans don't do history.  He has the perfect attitude for today's society which is 'me,me,me'.
I've watched this show recently, and it doesn't really feel like anything great. It's got plenty of corny bits ("Got bit by a dog, too."), and the quality, to me, hasn't really held up like that other great '90's cartoon (Batman: TAS, for those of you that dunno what I'm talking about). The show feels stale, and not fresh, but it's worth a nostalgia dip. Kids today probably won't really care about this as much, with the modern Wolverine cartoon being out (why it's Wolverine and the X-Men, I don't know, because every X-cartoon out there stars good ol' Sniktbub). It was cool to see Mr. Sinister and many of the X-Men done in something at last, but for me, the older "Kitty Pryde and the X-Men" pilot is far better in terms of animation and story.  In closing, just get it if you're a nostalgia buff, not an X-Fan.
I started to watch "Babe" once when it first came out on VHS and had gotten rave reviews. I don't think I was in the mood to watch it and thought it was silly. So I only saw a few minutes of it.  Recently, I visited friends and got to watch the whole movie.  It was absolutely wonderful:  funny, tender, heartbreaking, good over evil.  It was sweet and a delight.  I would recommend it to anyone, child or adult, although a child would need to see it with an adult to have some stuff explained.  And a happy ending.  I love movies with happy endings !!!
This visual graphics are great!  The story is great!  The movie is fun and funny!  Just go and get it, quickly!!!
When I first heard of this movie I thought, NO WAY! Deciding to give it a chance was a right move. It was crude and funny through out. I'm sure it offended some. However, I dug it. And I did notice the film throws in a positive message. After being framed for stealing the frat house cash, three dudes turn to drag in order to get back in and prove their innocence. In doing so they must get their hands on a vhs tape that will indeed set things  straight. The promise is a shue-in for setting things up for a comedy with good laughs. Just about every scene provides a belly laugh, chuckle or smile. So for some alternative American pie, have a slice of "Sorority Boys".
I saw this movie a couple of years ago, and, now that I'm old enough to have short term memory myself LOL, I decided to watch it again on a whim. I am amazed at how the film stands up. I saw nuances this viewing that I don't remember seeing in the last. Nolan is doing Inception, due out in July, and the theme sounds similar. I cannot recommend this movie enough. Eventually, you will put certain flashbacks and fast-forwards together and be stunned at the "real" story. Thumbs up!
This movie blew our mines. It made no sense an it exploited on its own by talking about it. The effects were great an acting either really good or so bad it was hilarious. The tire was the best actor. The movie was the ultimate middle finger to hollywood which it achieves easily that an so much more. Trust me when i say Robert will be an icon of the ages. Oh an they should make a sequel an the music rocked man!
Mickey Rourke was sexy. played a controlling ass, but he was cute.  Kim Basinger was so annoying I could scream! at least 3 times she was running in her high heals, and runs like a cow. her hair, her voice... gag me.  as far as sex, OK, the ice cube was sexy. the food at the fridge, hummm, was OK. after the honey - all I could think of was - she really needs a shower.  the bondage was a tease. why didn't he tie her wrists? he blindfolded her, but, I was yelling at the TV - "tie her wrists too, you idiot!" for those of us that do bondage, this was so lightweight that it was frustrating.  he also promised to spank her, and didn't. she needed it - with all her whining.  my dear Norman and I watched this and got a little board. a lot frustrated. and I about couldn't stand another minute of that bleached Blondie's voice. she was just way too white bread for him. a match not made in Heaven.  but, you do get to see a boob. woo hoo! so, watch it for that.  good date movie, helps break the ice, so to speak.
Granted this is not Dan Akroyd nor John Candy's best work, but it is still highly entertaining and I enjoyed it very much.  This film also reminded me what a shame it is that Lucy Deakins doesn't act in movies anymore. When I came across a DVD copy in my local department store at a good price I snapped it up to replace my old VHS version.  My objective in writing this review is to beef about the phony "widescreen" DVD (ISBN 0-7832-2788-4 on the UPC bar).  This is a letterboxed DVD. This wouldn't be so bad if the packaging actually stated the truth (in which case I would have not bought it - I would have waited a bit longer for the inevitable anamorphic widescreen which always seems to come out after they drop the price and sell the old inventory out to the suckers). The package bears a 2006 copyright date for this 1988 movie and says "Widescreen 1.85:1"  for the disk format. No mention of letterboxing.  That really stinks.  The Amazon product description has been amended and now states "Letterboxed". Take note if this is not a format you will be happy with.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 0:31 Mins  </span>My girlfriends and I really like to party and this DVD has a great effect on the fun we have. I had seen Shadow Dancers on screens in bars and clubs around the country and always thought it to be really cool. Also, when we got into a limo in Vegas it was on in the Limo! But it really got us going when my best friend had it on her big screen at her house party, it loosened everyone up and got the dancing raging, after that is a party to remember;-) Everyone needs a copy of this DVD! What a great gift!
Denzil Washington stars in this high class chiller in which he plays a cop trying to deal with an opponent who could literally be anybody at any time. A good cast including John Goodman and Donald Sutherland provide excellent support. Combine this with a surprisingly clever script and decent direction and you'll find a film that thrills and surprises in equal measures. No more so than the ending which has a lovely twist which I certainly didn't see coming.  Fortunately for us there is no basis in reality for this story. If there was you'd look at people a little bit differently in future. Its also worth mentioning that I shall never hear a certain Rolling Stones song in the same way again after watching this film.  This is a much better film than its fairly obscure status would tend to indicate.
They ruined a great movie.  Like the other reviewers, watching it on cable gives a cleaner/intact version than this dvd.  But for a couple of bucks, its ok for a die hard fan.  Just wish they would release a box set of all the movies.
I really don't get what all the hype is about with this movie.  I was stunned it even won best picture.  As far as Clint Eastwood westerns are concerned, this was near the bottom of the barrell.  The story was difficult to follow and believe, and too pathetic for a western.  The whole movie lacked the teeth of Clint's other gritty westerns.  As far as modern Eastwood westerns is concerned, "Pale Rider" was better and that isn't saying much.  The ending is farfetched and the only good acting in it was done by Gene Hackman.  As far as an Eastwood movie, he's done much better. The academy awards people began a sad trend of giving cheesy-boring movies best picture when they awarded "Unforgiven".  The only other sad awards to top this one were the ones for "Shakespeare in Love", "English Patient" and "American Beauty".  Rent a good-old, Eastwood, spaghetti  western from the 60s and skip this drivel.
Nice DVD.  I just wish there were more moves in it.
Now I should get this out of the way: I LOVE Nightmare Before Christmas. I still love the songs, characters and everything. So when they make the spiritual sequel, you're going to inevitably love it, unless they do something stupid. Well Corpse Bride isn't a failure, it's a bit "resting on laurels" feel. It's of course a visually striking movie but it doesn't feel as innovative as Nightmare was.  Victor is having an arranged marriage with Victoria, which'll bring up the family's money of course. Completely blowing his vow rehearsal, he goes off to the woods to practice and places his ring on a skinny branch. Only it's not a branch but the finger of the Corpse Bride. Taken into the world of the dead, he must deal with not only his new bride's devotion but his intended fiance being married off to a slimy guy(as usual).  Now for you parents out there who are very apprehensive about letting kids watch this kind of stuff, I'd say watch it with them rather than letting it be a babysitter. It can get creepy for kids and there's even morbid things such as a dead resident who literally separates himself. Of course it's animated and there's enough fairy tale qualities to keep it from being disturbing.  Where the film shines is its animation and voice acting. More fluid and striking than Nightmare, it's obvious close to 15 years will improve the artform. And of course we have the upcoming Wallace and Gromit movie which shows we don't need fancy computers to tell stories. In the 5th collaboration with Tim Burton, Johnny Depp has that perfect shy guy voice and is very likable but we also have Emily Watson, Albert Finney, Christopher Lee and Burton's real-life love Helena Bonham Carter.  Now the comparisons between this and Nightmare are obvious and very unwarranted although sometimes there's similarities. Victor goes into the woods where he's introduced to a new world, such as Jack finding the holiday trees. The bride falls apart literally at times just like Sally and Victor has a dead dog only this one isn't a flying ghost but rather a skeletal puppy. But that's like saying Sleepy Hollow is similar in look to Batman Returns. It's the same filmmaker so it's bound to have similar ideas.  It's no Nightmare that's for sure but it's sure a great film overall.
I originally bought because of Roy Dupuis.  This is by far one of the oddest movies I've ever seen.  I wish more time had been spent on John and  'Urs the Nurse' (an inside joke a friend and I came up with knowing that  Kristen Lehman had previous been on 'Forever Knight' portraying Urs a  vampire).   This movie in fact inspired a group of Roy's fans to nickname  him 'Vampire King' because this movie seems to be about an odd vampire-ish  type of guy.  Had the writer and director tried a more traditional vampire  tale instead of focusing on the legless freak aspect, it may have been a  better movie. However, as many have already mentioned, this is pure  b-movie fodder.  It's no 'Interview with the Vampire' or 'La Femme  Nikita', but it you like Canadian productions and Roy Dupuis, it may be one  to add to your shelf.
The long awaited (at least for this author) release of Damage (2009), which was released in the United Kingdom in 2009, made its way to my mailbox recently and I was able to view it in its entirity.  Unfortunately, the expectations that I placed for the film fell slightly short of the product itself.  Steve Austin plays a man paroled after 4.5 years for committing murder, who is confronted by his victim's widow as a person to make financial reparations for her in order to fund a heart transplant for her sick daughter. Working as a lowly construction worker and broke himself, Brickner must side up with the seedy Reno and his beautiful girlfriend Franky in the dangerous underworld of cage fighting.  Although Austin plays John Brickner with some vulnerability, something that marks a keen development in his abilities as an actor since The Condemned (2007), the dialogue is still a bit stilted and the magnificent Walton Goggins (of FX's Justified) does his best but ultimately to little avail.  The fight scenes themselves are mildly entertaining, although Austin sticks mostly to standing and punching, and relying occasionally on his surroundings to get the better of his opponents. Indeed, this story has been told many times before, but perhaps the strongest scenes in this film are the ones where Austin is seen caring for the widow, or when he is offered the opportunity to project Reno from his most dangerous debt collector but at the cost of forgoing the money for the little girl's operation.  Perhaps the biggest problem I had with this film was the meandering of the script, the rushed development of Brickner's predicament and then the equal haste he provides in deciding to trust Goggin's character. Still, this is a positive development in the acting career of Steve Austin. If he can continue to grow, and demonstrate more range, he could morph into a servicable actor moving forward. A good look at his acting future may be the box office outcome for this summer's throw back actioner "The Expendables," which will feature Austin in a one-on-one fight scene with Sylvester Stallone.
Kudos to Ben Stein! This a badly needed and courageous film that exposes the complete lack of freedom in academia -- where the mere mention of intelligent design can places one's career in jeopardy. Also exposes the dark side of Darwinism -- its links to eugenics and the extermination of the sick in Nazism. Equally chilling are the thoughts expressed by one scientist in the film who wants to gradually replace religion with a faith in science.
This movie looked really stupid from the previews and just the basic premise, but I saw it on a whim and LOVED it.  The film has such a great cast of characters, has some very clever comedy, great cinematography, and a very unique visual style.  Director Edgar Wright really proves himself as a very talented director with this film.  Even if you're not a fan of video games, comics, or not part of the demographic that this film was going for, I'd recommend checking it out.
I bought the whole 3 book collection for my 7 year old, but got addicted myself.  I noticed that some reviewers had issues with image clarity, but I didn't notice it on a Sony 46" LCD tv.
***1/2  "Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy" takes us back to those halcyon days of the 1970's, when the hair was as big as the lapels and women were just beginning to assume their rightful place in America's television newsrooms.  Will Ferrell plays a Ted Baxter-type anchorman (is it mere coincidence that his dog is named Baxter?) - vain, narcissistic, none too gifted in the brains department - who has worked for years as the sole news dispenser at a top-rated San Diego station.  All is going well for Ron Burgundy until the station manager decides the newscast needs a bit more "diversity" and hires a female reporter named Veronica Cornerstone (Christina Applegate) to come on board.  Cornerstone is a brainy, blow-dried blonde with a driving ambition to be the first female anchor on network news.  Since most of the men who work at the station, including Burgundy, are dyed-in-the-wool misogynists, Ms. Cornerstone faces an uphill battle of sexist comments, schoolboy pranks, and subtle (and not so subtle) undermining as she climbs her way to the top (though she is not above pulling a few dirty tricks herself to get what she wants).  Things really get dicey when Burgundy and Cornerstone begin dating and quickly fall in love, a situation rife with potential disaster as Cornerstone begins to encroach on Burgundy's professional territory.  "Anchorman" is a light-hearted, enjoyable little comedy that, unlike a full-throated satire (say, like "Network"), often goes for the easy laugh instead of the incisive barb.  The movie is at its best when it is parodying the corny graphics and the tendency to over hype the trivial ("Panda Watch: Day 46") that define modern newscasts - and at its worst when it is indulging in silly, often scatological jokes and slapstick throw away bits.  Like most mainstream comedies, the humor in "Anchorman" ranges from the mildly funny to the downright hilarious, the latter including a clever "West Side Story" parody involving a rumble between rival news teams, and a conversation between a dog and a bear that ends the movie on a ludicrous but knee-slapping high note.  Ferrell (who co-wrote the film) is his usual manic self, unctuous but likable, and Applegate, Paul Rudd, Steve Carell, David Koechner, and Fred Willard do fine work in supporting roles.  Moreover, writer/director Adam McKay provides a smattering of guest appearances from such well known stars as Jack Black, Luke Wilson, Tim Robbins, Vince Vaughn, Jerry Stiller and even Ben Stiller, many of who are not listed in the official credits.  "Anchorman" goes down easily - a bit too easily, perhaps, for a film that, with a little more courage, might have become a scathing satire on an industry that could do with a little merciless skewering right about now.  Still, "Anchorman" is fun while it lasts - and these days we'll settle for what we can get when it comes to laughs.
Monsieur Beaumont has invited Dr. Bruner, Neil, and his fianc&eacute;e Madeleine to his plantation on Haiti to have their wedding in his mansion; however, Beaumont has an alternative motive.  This motive involves a sinister man by the name of Legendre (Bela Lugosi) who runs a plantation where the people work continuously day and night without stopping for meals or sleep.  The question is whether Beaumont can trust Legendre to carry out his part of the deal and not double cross him.  White Zombie is a piece of horror history that should be seen with an understanding of the budget and technological equipment that were provided at the time of production, which provides an enjoyable experience.
From all the other reviews, you'll see this is an exiting slice of Euro Cinema.  It's clever, funny and moving, and it's use of photographs to show  the future of various minor characters is like nothing I've seen  before. What I would recommend though is you watch it with the subtitles  activated rather than listen to the terrible english dubbing.  The voice  actors are particularly wooden and you lose something of the characters'  appeal in listening to them.  I know subtitles can be a pain but it's worth  the effort to hear Lola's real voice, when she isn't running that is!
I don't know who the "powers that be" that control the final cut of these movies are, but they really messed this movie up completely. I mean the story makes so much more sense in this cut and the characters are better fleshed out!! It is really sad what the movie making process did to the theatrical version.  If you thought that the original theatrical cut seemed a little "off" and the story didn't quite make it... Well check this out...
This film is an oldy but a goody. The story line is very rivetting and is based on a story line that is often used now. One race is at war with the other race, they both crash land on a deserted planet and end up  becoming the closest of friends. Very very good,uplifting, exciting, with good special effects,especially when one takes into consideration the fact that the film was filmed in the early to mid 80's.  If you like scifi and are looking for a film for the whole family this is the one for you.
I buy this edition from Italy,because here doesn't exist a DVD edition of this masterpiece... I am really impressed by the realisation of the disc,wich content interesting extra materials and the movie restored in exceptional way with two very interesting audio-tracks more adapted to the movie atmosphere and a very nice animated menus...Really gourgeus edition...
All of my friends have raved to me about this movie, and I finally watched it.  It was just awful!  There is no plotline, no likeable characters, and absolutely no point to this huge mess of a movie.  None of the eccentric characters are even close to funny, and I found myself wondering why in the world they agreed to make this picture.  Julianne Moore is a great actress, but she has absolutely no function in this film.  John Goodman is great at what he does, but in this all he does is run around yelling, bowling, and screaming about Vietnam.  Jeff Bridges just wanders around in his bathrobe for 2 hours muttering "man, ya know, man".  And then there's poor Steve Buscemi - a wonderful character actor normally, but his character here is only allowed to say half his lines before Goodman's character tells him to shut up. And the plot...what plot?  This movie had no development or climax...it just kind of ended, leaving me wondering what other worthwhile things I've could've done in the 2 hours I used to watch it.  But maybe it's just me...my friends sat around and laughed throughout the entire movie, why I will never understand...
After making some great movies in the 50's (Jailhouse Rock, King Creole) with some great actors and directors, Presley again got to act with one of the best in the business in Roustabout. He interacts with Barbara Stanwyck in the movie very well and also sings a couple of good tunes including Leiber and Stoller's Little Egypt. The film also has a shower scene with none other than Raquel Welch! Hal Wallis directs Elvis in this movie. Welcome to Carny Town!
They don't make them like this anymore. Coming to America is easily one of the funniest movies to have been released in the 80's, at a time when Eddie Murphy was on top of his game.  This is the very first movie in which Eddie Murphy tackles several roles at once, and his nuanced performances of each character is nothing less than perfect. Consider that 22 years have passed, and people are still quoting Randy Jackson of Sexual Chocolate, Clarence the barber, and Saul. What is that, velvet?  The film has an amazing cast of actors that play their parts effortlessly, from John Amos as the no-nonsense owner of McDowell's, to Eriq La Salle as the arrogant prince of Soul-Glo. Arsenio's chemistry with Eddie is terrific, and being the real-life son of a Baptist minister made for a pitch-perfect performance as Reverend Brown.  This is a classic 80's comedy that has stood the test of time, and is one of the roles that helped definite Eddie Murphy's career.
I wanted so much to enjoy this new version but what happened to "Truth, Justice and the American Way?"  There is NO American Flag or American Way.  Those of us who were raised in the 50's will understand that Superman was an American hero.  It's not that way any more.  It seems like Warner Brothers went out of the way to make this Superman politically correct.  I can not recommend this film.  Everything that Superman should and did stand for is "No More."  I was very very disappointed.
Any movies distributed by Mill Creek are just terrible quality...the only reason to buy these discs are to increase your library and semi enjoy these old movies!
I'm going to start off by saying that I really enjoy this movie and all of the great reviews are well deserved. The reason I've gone down the middle of the road with my rating is because of the poor transfer. When I buy Blu-ray I tend to expect a great picture. Taken has a little too much grain through most of the movie with the worst scenes being low-light situations (especially right after the construction site scene: at this point it looks like the movie was projected onto a rough tweed backdrop). If the filmmakers did this for effect it was a bad move because it takes me right out of the movie and gets me thinking about stupid things like transfers... Again, I liked this movie enough to buy the Blu-ray  after I had already seen it, I just don't feel like I got what I paid for.
-  Calvin Webber is on prepared guy.  -  I would go NUTS underground!!  I think I would be a lot like Adam's mom.  -  This was a pretty funny movie.  I laughed a lot.  -  I am not a Brendan Fraser fan.  In fact, I usually shun movies he is in, but he was good in this one.  -  Growing up in Genola in my parents house, I kinda feel like Adam sometimes.  For instance, Abbott and Costello are my favorite comedians!  -  I enjoyed Dave Foley's character.  He plays a fun gay man.  I want to be his friend.  -  This was a fun and cute movie.  I enjoyed it, and I thought I wouldn't.
MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS  Put aside the fact that Newt, Hicks, and Bishop did not survive. Put aside the fact that Ripley miraculously ends up with criminals at a prison. Put aside Ripley being impregnated somehow with a queen and committing suicide by falling into lava. Put aside all the silly, idiotic stuff in the script. What the first two movies had that this one horribly lacked was tension. It had gore and grossness, but without the tension, it was as scary as trick-or-treaters on Halloween night.  I loved Alien. I really enjoyed Aliens. After having seen this one, I just choose to ignore it altogether as though it never happened.
bought used but in good conditions. only scratched was on cover. not a big issue for price.was on 99 cent. awesome pricing. awesome product. great movie
It was not an outcome of the casualty that Charlot left us on Christmas days. It had to be on this way, because his message will transcend by far the patina of the times.  The genius is always contemporary.
I saw this on VHS back in '87. A great, scary, thrilling pursuit by a complex cop. Clean visuals and the greatest use of Iron Butterfly ever. This Lecter was better than Sir Anthony's hands down. No silly face masks or props, just pure evil in the eyes.
Mike Leigh is a signature director, possibly the best British director since Lindsey Anderson. Like Anderson, Leigh has that magic touch for seeing people clearly and persuading his actors that they don't need to act. He already has a half dozen little masterpieces behind him, including numerous stage plays. My favorite is a little gem called "Naked" which opens in a bedroom when two young lovers are looking for that necessary "after" cigarette. They then sit , naked, and smoke. This is the good stuff, just the sort of thing never done in Hollywood. "Vera Drake" didn't do it for me this time, however, as I didn't believe in her feigned innocence and I didn't accept her claim to being a good deed doer. It is not just a matter of the politics of abortion; it has to do with the politics of taking responsibility.
This movie is one you can set down with you family and enjoy.the movie will touch your heart.and your kids will enjoy watching with Mom and Dad.I have watched it 3 times.don`t miss this one. ENJOY.
A sexy but unstable forest ranger named Danny (Cerina Vincent - the naked chick from Not Another Teen Movie) who recently lost a friend seeks refuge within a Smirnoff bottle.  Along with a hilariously prophetic and verbose parrot named Hoppy (who steals every scene), and an underdeveloped love interest with a barely post-pubescent pseudo Jake Gyllenhal, she has various responsibilities, to include searching for lost hikers or the bodies of a massacred archaelogical dig.  Little does Danny know - mostly because she's a morally loose, easy, drunk emotional wreck - that the college archaeologists unearthed an alien, skeleton zombie (ASZ) of some kind.  In the words of Hoppy before every tense scene, "Uh oh."  With a complex understanding of electronics, engines, and a rudimentary concept of pulley-based booby traps, ASZ is a formidable foe.  Factor in the strength to lift a jeep, the ability to jump 20+ feet, and claws that make Freddy's knives look like a fresh manicure, and there's a guaranteed gutting on the horizon.  Oh, it gets better.  My boy FASZ (Freddy Alien Skeleton Zombie) alos likes to leave mangled and decapitated body parts for survivors to discover, and voyeuristically watches their shock from behind a row of trees (think flaming bag of poo on the doorstep, but for psychopathic monsters).  Playful AND murderous!  Look for the corpse dinner table and the anal Indian impalement scenes; they're a hoot.  I won't ruin the ending, or spoil the surprise, but the lead up to the final battle involves a rural alarm system of tin cans on a string, some of the worst marksmanship in cinema history, and a ridiculous Native American mumbo-jumbo lecture about cross-dimensional demons or something.  Overall the production, music, sets, scenes, and gore are fairly well done.  Nothing spectacular, but nothing incompetent.  Cerina Vincent is beautiful throughout.  The only downside of the movie is final unveiling of the monster, which looks so much like the Jeepers Creepers beast that this may as well have been the prequel.  Overall, it's lacking true scare, and most of the typical horror fare, but it's still enjoyable enough for sadistic horror fans to cheer for FASZ.
Thanks for this DVD. Now we all know at least that the background of "The Lord of the Rings" is the world war and no longer just a fantasy story. Endless scenes of fighting, bombing, Hitler (Sauron), factories, soldiers and all this between Germany (Mordor) and the rest of the world (Shire) is never ending. J.R.R. Tolkien made clear that he had the idea with the ring, the fight, between good and evil in his head before the war even started. The whole story is strongly linked to the hobbit.All I can say "what a waste of money!!!" If your a real fan of the movie please don't buy it !!!!!!!
this 1932 Gangster film is probably the Granddaddy of all Gangster film.but it really isn't a Gangster picture.it doesn't glorify organized crime/the mafia at all.in fact,it takes the opposite view.sometimes it's as if you're watching a public service announcement or a political campaign to rid the the city/state/country of the mob.it's as if the actors are actually speaking directly to the audience.and maybe they were.regardless,there's no question how powerful the movie is,and how much influence it has had on all films of the genre.the acting is first rate here.Paul Muni is mesmerizing as Antonio 'Tony' Camonte,the main character.but Anne Dvorak as Francesca 'Cesca' Camonte is also brilliant.of the three big films of this genre that came out around the same time(The Public Enemy starring James Cagney,(1931)and Little Caesar,Starring Edward G.Robinson(1931),in my mind this is by far the most powerful and influential.for me,Scarface(1932)is a 5/5
I watched this movie for the first time last night and I had no idea this movie would be as good as it is. Ewan McGregor is a very underrated actor and he's brilliant as a junkie in this film. This movie really hit me hard showing the despair of addiction. Some people survive it and some don't. This movie is a great depiction of the struggles each character goes through in their fight with addiction. Heroine was already something i would never do but after this movie it shows that its one of the most dangerous things you can mess with. Anyway I was pleasantly surprised at how good this movie is. I enjoyed it more then any Tarantino movie I've seen and those are all excellent films. Trainspotting is definately a winner so go out and see it if you haven't already.
Our family loves this Christmas movie.  I guess that shows how twisted we are!
There really aren't enough superlatives to describe the beauty, power and human drama in this film. The restoration is magnificent, the photography beautiful and the story compelling. Sessue Hayakawa gives a masterful performance as Colonel Saito; easily the most complex portrayal of any Japanese person in WWII movie history. He is completely unable to understand the British sense of honor, since being taken prisoner in the Japanese mindset is the ultimate dishonor. Yet he is also unable to deny that he and his own officers are simply not competent enough to tackle the task at hand, namely to build a railway bridge across the River Kwai -- and do so under a non-negotiable deadline. To fail this task would cause his own public dishonor, yet to yield to the contest of wills with Colonel Nicholson (Alec Guinness), whom he desperately needs to build the bridge, would cause him to suffer a loss of face and deep personal dishonor -- a Hobson's choice. Alec Guinness is simply brilliant in his role -- and simply British. On one level he is the quintessential British colonial master, out to "teach these people a lesson...that will put them to shame". His pride allows him to convince himself that building the bridge is nothing more than a morale booster for his men -- never mind that it furthers the Japanese war effort. He reasons that since he was ordered to surrender that to then refuse to do his captor's bidding might be considered tantamount to insubordination. But beyond doing what is merely necessary, he becomes obsessed with building a bridge that will last hundreds of years. In reality he is constructing a monument to himself, since he is now in the twilight of his military career. William Holden gives a wonderful performance as Shears, the only American to witness this contest of wills. He is much more interested in living "like a human being" and avoiding any military duty than dying for such a twisted sense of "honor". However, though, circumstances dictate that he become the proverbial reluctant hero. There are so many other outstanding touches and performances in this film that to describe them all would take more time than it would to simply watch it. In this case, one picture is truly worth a thousand words. See this movie.
Sure the story is not very deep, and relies on some convoluted coincidences (how come no-one can work out Crockett and Tubbs are policemen despite the number of times they meet their colleagues in the open?), and Colin Farrell looks like a cheap Mexican bandit.  But that's not the point.  Miami Vice is about the emotional commitment of the lead characters to their job, and works by creating the mood and being honest to the style and feeling of the TV series.  If you are going to live in a shady world, it says, at least its fun to do it in a shady world full of sunshine and fast cars. "You would hate this if it only had slow cars and boats" my wife said.  But no - maybe it would be less exciting on one level, but it would be no less emotionally honest, and would still touch the right buttons.
Is Larry an actual redneck, or is it all really a joke inside "Larry's" mind?  I sometimes think that Dan Whitney (Larry's real name) knows what he's doing.  I think he is actually making a huge joke out of the rednecks who are totally in love with him.  He is openly mocking them, and when they might get a tad uncomfortable, but then he'll drop a politically incorrect joke into the routine, and they love him again.  Dan/Larry started out as a "normal" comedian (there's footage of him on youtube before his Larry incarnation), and wasn't really getting anywhere with that.  So he became a redneck, and is a multi-millionare now.  But all his redneck fans think of Larry as a "regular guy", despite the fact that Larry lives in one of those fancy houses that rednecks think only NYCers live in (for the record, NYCers don't all live in fancy houses.  There's a lot of working class people in NYC who live in regular houses and regular apartments).  So Larry is taking advantage of illiterate, easily amused rednecks.  Just put on a flannel shirt, fart, wear a Confederate flag, and say you hate liberals, then fleece the rednecks!  I don't think Larry really has a redneck mentality (even though he's originally from Nebraska, so he has some hillbilly cred, so to speak).  I think he's just making a ton of money off of easily amused people.
I've seen this film several times, and it never fails to draw me in and keep me on the edge of my seat.  For a TV movie, the technical mastery present is amazing. The camerawork, the sound effects, the editing are all superlative, and the pacing is perfect. Consider the challenge: Speilberg and Matheson had to take an extremely thin premise--businessman pursued/terrorized by trucker--and get ninety minutes out of it. Adding to the challenge, the main characters can't communicate with one other, and the central character is by himself, so the opportunities for dialogue are pretty spare.  Which is what makes this a masterpiece more than anything else. Spielberg was forced to tell the story visually, almost as a silent film (although the sound effects add quite a lot to the tension).  Overall an intelligent, though-provoking film.
4 times. 4 times I started to watch this dvd. 3 times I fell asleep before the end of the first sequence. The 4th time I just turned it off. I couldn't watch any more, and I never did get more 5 minutes into the second sequence.  The story line is thin and predictable. The acting is weak with the oh so bad forced dialogue. The CGI's are all substandard at best. The fight scenes are so bad you could see a foot of space between the characters who were supposedly getting hit. This whole thing is not convincing in any way shape or form.  Don't get me wrong. I am not the kind of person to dole out bad reviews. I like most fantasy fiction and much science fiction and appreciate it for where it originated and how it is done. This dvd just turned me off.  I would not recommend anyone to buy this. Maybe rent it first and then make up you own mind. I wished I would have, as it would have saved me not only my hard earned cash but the pain of starting something 4 times that could not be finished. Next time I have a hard time falling asleep I'll pass on the drugs and just slip this in the player. I have no doubt I'll be getting my zzzzzz's within the hour.
This movie illustrates all the good things that were brought to filmmaking through the influence of music videos in the 1980s. The sequences shot at Sun Devil Stadium in Tempe, Arizona are amazing. Cinematography by Jordan  Cronenweth is wonderful during those color sequences. The music is great  throughout. Many people argue that MTV and music video directors hurt the  film industry by over popularizing fast cutting and flashy visuals ( at the  expense of content ) but this movie demonstrates how the best of music  video techniques really pushed the medium of film forward. I grew up in the  1980s and this movie is one of my favorites from that period. I would  recommend it to anyone.
Not quite as good as "Support Your Local Sheriff."  The trailer, by the way, gives away the whole movie!  I hate that!
I got this as a christmas gift for m y dad who is very tough to buy for and a big Mel Brooks fan.  He was like a little kid when I gave it to him!  It made my holiday!  This item was supposed to come after christmas because it required a bit longer to process and i ordered it the week before christmas  so I had to send it to his house but they emailed me to tell me it was processed in time and I had my stepmom intercept it.  I had planned to print the amazon page and wrap it and tell him to look for it in the mail.  Thanks to amazons great service I was able to give him the actual movies and 3 days later my little sister had men in tights as a ringtone  .  Now I just need to get one for my husband and myself.  Great movies you can watch over and over.
I believe this Caillou has substantial puppetry in between the Caillou stories still it's interesting and kids like it.
Great chick flick! Men will love it too! This is the movie to watch when your snuggling up with your best friend!
......It's not in the movie. So just for the record cover 10-movie 2. The film rips off "The Hidden" and David Cronenbergs "Shivers" a.k.a. "They Came From Within" where a parasitic creature passes from one host to another.  To pretend the makers of this film are "original" the creature enters the host through the bellybutton. Also the hosts become ravenously hungry and the one funny scene happens when a cop is invaded and he reaches for the donuts.  The movies major problem is despite an occassional burst of gore the movie is so lifeless and slow.
I wasn't to sure at first about watching it. But I love Jack Black. Then I became addicted to watching it evertime it was on. He was such a different character in here that you couldn't help but love him. Kate Winslet is another person I like to watch also. It's just a great comedy/love story. It makes you wonder if it's really that easy just to pack up,go somewhere for 2weeks and find someone special...
This movie took a very long time to make it to Blu Ray.  So when it did I couldn't wait to upgrade this film from dvd to blu.  Imagine my surprise to find this elegantly written, and beautifully photographed film to be quite grainy, overly contrasty, and drab.  At one point I actually put in my old dvd to compare.  Although it was softer in comparison the blu isn't that much of an upgrade. Heavy sigh.  I believe the marketing term that they used is newly 'remastered'. Extremely hard to believe.  John Toll deserved the Oscar that he won and the film is worthy of a better 'remastering' than the one that is offered here.  Its a huge disappointment to see this movie in Blu.  It is one of the poorest discs remasted in the medium.  Buyer beware.
You will laugh until your sides hurt and you will rewind scenes two or three times ! This film is loaded with catchy phrases and scenes that keep popping into your thoughts and make you giggle, despite your attempts to think of something-else. You will never forget the Butler / House Boy....ever--"Agadore Spartacus" steals scene after scene, as (Robin Williams) struggles to maintain his sanity and composure, while fending-off Emotional Outbursts and Episodes of Self/Relationship Doubt from his transvestite Partner, (Nathan Lane).  The plot revolves around "their" son getting married and not being able to deal with certain "issues," concerning his "parents." He is marrying (Alley McBeal), whose parents are Right-Wing Politicians.... thus, the "Issues."   I have seen "The Birdcage" many, many times &amp; I know children love the movie (they will watch it repeatedly). Couples will find lines from the film invading their daily conversations. When I watch it, with my girlfriend, we have weeks of fun from one viewing!  This is just one of those fun-filled, hilarious films, that even homophobic men can't resist. You will laugh, Nathan Lane will cry....and you will do poor imitations of "Agadore Spartacus" for weeks afterward.  Enjoy !
Not as good as the book.. but what movie is.  That being said it's basically Lifetime movie quality.  I was a little disappointed.  I LOVE the book and the movie just doesn't do it for me.
Excellent plot that held the attention of the audience in pointing out the horror of the concentration camps. The characters are believable and display a chills view of the war.
A very good film likely to evolve into a classic over time. I saw this in a movie cinema assuming my wife and I would be 2 of a handful of people there. The theatre was packed. The film was thoroughly entertaining, filled with both laughter and eye-watering moments. I'd recommend this film to anyone, not just guitar fans. There are too many highlights to list. What was most interesting was the amount of training Jimmy Page received as a youngster. Jack White is quite an intense fellow incapable of the pop riff - its all intense emotion with him. The Edge is the wall of sound I expected he would be - hugely powerful. A great film!
Wow, I first saw this movie in my on-campus theater for fifty cents back in 1973, and laughed my rear end off... my roommate and I never forgot certain scenes.  Fast forward to 2007, when I discovered the paperback book by Colin Higgins in a used book sale.  I bought it, brought it home, and both my teenage kids read it in an afternoon and LOVED it.  I rented the movie this past fall & watched it with my daughter (my son is now at the same college where I first saw "Harold & Maude" 34 years ago, haha!)and we laughed our rear ends off once again, which led to my buying the DVD.  It's a hilarious movie, perfectly cast and I do mean PERFECTLY cast, especially the fabulous actress who plays Harold's mother.  Wow, they don't make movies like this anymore.  Even with Cat Stevens' sometimes-goofy soundtrack, the movie stands up and is still fresh, unexpected, touching without being schmaltzy, and ultimately invigorating, and that's true for me, at 52, and for my daughter at 17.  Highly recommended. By the way, I rated this five stars, but it only shows four, and I can't seem to change it.  But it's five stars.
I am writing in behalf of my daughter Sara!...She liked every part of the movie including ending because it tells and teach for friendship, misunderstanding etc!... She was more happy If It was not ended like was dream!....Ken was so funny, making funny noise like a bee but she liked so much and two fairy stylists!....Working together two fashion rivals (Barbie and Raquelle, they break the Princess spell!...She hated the part when Raquelle ripped Barbie's dress!...(Sorry, If its not any professional review because I am writing her opinion)
Horizont-Stretching etertaiment from  the Author of GIANT (1956) Edna Ferber (1887-1968) .Spaces were neither wide nor or open in most early Sound Western . Not so in CIMARRON , It starts with one of the most renowed giddy-ups in Cinema history : a thundering recreation of the 1889 Oklahoma land Rush . From there CIMARRON , based on the bestselling epic by Ginat (1956) and Show Boat (1951) novelist Edna Ferber , traces the generations-spaning saga of that land . There rugged Yancey Crvat ( Richard Dix 1893-1949) and resourceful pioneer wife Sabra ( Irene Dunne 1898-1990) sink roots , persevere, give shape to their  dreams . It's a saga of change , told with an authenticity that moviegoers wha had lived through that era recognized -and told with a skill that eraned it three Academy Awards including Best Picture . High Quality Transfer. Highly Recommended .
This is not a big spectacle type film; it is a small and personal film that makes a big impact because of the very, very strong performances it has holding it up.  `The Dresser' is a superb example of the very fact that you don't need to do a whole lot when you do very little very well.  Both Albert Finney and Tom Courtenay deliver knock out performances here, both of them pulling from within to deliver top notch emotionally invested portrayals of men defined and ultimately confined by their loyalties.  The film takes place during World War II and tells the story of Sir, an aging Shakespearean actor who owns his own production company and is about to put on his 227th performance as King Lear.  His dresser, Norman, is there every night, nursing him back to sobriety and convincing him that his life's passion is the theater.  The film is less about a particular plot and more about the relationship between these two men; the fact that they need one another to make it threw each day.  Sir is helpless without Norman's guiding hand, and Norman has devoted so much of himself to Sir that he doesn't know how to live without him.  Sir is Norman's life, and so he has become much like a parent (or maybe more like an over protective spouse) to Sir because of that.  Even as Sir's habits and bullying (almost self centered) attitude pushes all others away, Norman finds himself drawing closer to Sir as he almost pleads for acceptance and some sort of reciprocated affections.  Without the strong performances of both Finney and Courtenay this film would have been a monumental bore; a failure.  Thankfully both Finney and Courtenay deliver boundlessly.  Finney is one of my personal favorite actors, for he always knows how to evoke an emotional response from me.  He has such a natural progression to his character's development and so he makes for a very believable and commanding actor.  As Sir, he embodies this man's every weakness without every taking away from the natural compassion we feel for him; thus helping us to understand why a man like Norman is so devoted to him in the first place.  He's like a big, helpless Teddy Bear.  Tom Courtenay has the tougher job of delivering believable paternal affections and he does so marvelously.  What is so phenomenal about Courtenay is that he creates a complete character, from the facial expressions to the hand gestures (I love his hands in this film; almost like a character all their own) to his voice and his very choice of words.  He delivers a brilliant performance that uses every quality of a caricature while reining it in just enough to make it natural and believable.  Also, look for Eileen Atkins in a beautifully restrained performance as Madge.  I can't say enough how much of a pleasure this film was for me.  It is the perfect example of a `character driven drama' and it serves as a marvelous centerpiece for some breathtaking acting.  If you are a fan of Shakespeare, Albert Finney or dramatic period pieces then this is a MUST-SEE film if ever there was one.
I can sum this all up in one statement: Don't even go there! This film, with no insults to Jennifer Aniston or Warwick Davis (Both two of my favorite actors), stinks (in my opinion)!!!
Mister Rogers Neighborhood "Our Earth: Clean and Green" VHS Mister Rogers Neighborhood "Adventures In Friendship" DVD Mister Rogers Neighborhood "Wishes Don't Make Things Come True" Book
Going for a vastly more grand scale than either "Pitch Black" or "Dark Fury". "Chronicles Of Riddick" hinges the fate of the universe on resisting the advances of a huge militaristic/twisted religious sect called the Necromongers who are overrunning entire planets, with a survivor from the first film, now politically influential, attempting to recruit Riddick to help with the battle.  Some have complained of a relative lack of story here; Ill take the opposite track and submit that there's a LOT of story, it just gets swamped by the constant rocket-fast pace.  I mean, what we have here is a story that should have been about 4-and-a-half hours, but running somewhere around two hours (and to think that the theatrical movie was actually 16 minutes shorter than the DVD!) it's got more angles packed in more tightly than "Star Wars Episode 1", to the point where the story actually does get in danger of disappearing from sight.  This is one you're really going to have to pay attention to in order to make sense of.  It's packed with some of the best and most dynamic action scenes ever (although sometimes of tenuous believability), but if the characters and multiple plotlines had been given proper screentime to develop, not only would they themselves have added to the movie but the action scenes themselves would have been more potent.  The tenuous believability is also a hampering effect at times.  Occasionally the movie straddles (thankfully briefly) the line of camp, which was definately Not the case with the first two.  It's like it's so big it just got away from the filmmakers a couple of times there.    This isn't a bad movie by any means though, it's just not as great as it should have been.  If giving it three stars seems like it's a putdown it's not; when stuck between giving a movie 3 or 4 stars I think what I'd give it on a tenpoint scale (an extremely inexact science, because I think movies are hard to quantify with a numerical value) and this is a good 6.5 to 7.  Some reviewers I've noticed (not a criticism, just an observation) will say a movie is pretty terrible and then still give it 3 or even 4 stars; I guess it all depends on how good you think an 'average' movie is what would be signified by each rating.  In my view, based on everything I've seen in my life from the worst to the best, the 'average' movie (2.5 stars or 5 Of 10) is still pretty watchable, and I place "Chronicles Of Riddick" well above average. It's just not as great as it could have been, or as great as "Pitch Black" or "Dark Fury".    I hope there's a sequel (before this came out I think I heard some where they wanted to do Three more after this) because, without giving anything away, it's wide open for sequelization, (having had a terrific twist ending that opens u a universe of possibilities) and could build on the strengths of all the films so far, including this one, and sidestep the slips in this one, perhaps with a longer running time.  If it's not financially feasible to do another mega-budget live-action one like this there are a number of less expensive routes they could take: original novels; animated features (actually I want more Dark Fury-type animated entries regardless); comic books; etc.  The series is too good to end on a slightly off-kilter note.
I'm not sure if the reviewers watched the same movie I did. While the premise of the movie is interesting: the "real" Santa Clause being found in a burial mound, it never lives up to its potential. The first hour of the movie is incredibly boring, with nothing happening at all. Just when you think some major plot twist will happen, it doesn't. Hell, you don't even SEE the monster Santa. The final 30 minutes of the movie are alright, but still average at best. I hate how they never explored the origins of the monster Santa deeper than simply saying "The ancient people buried him here". I was excited in the beginning of the film, because I thought we would be able to go inside the burial mound and we would be treated to some cool, indiana jones-like exploration. But no, they don't even give us that. Instead, the film shifts to some dumb kid and his reindeer-herding father. This entire movie is a miss. I say avoid it, you could definitely do better in terms of foreign, dark fantasy films. The Troll Hunter is definitely much better than this.
Neither a documentary nor a story of fictional characters set in a historical setting, The Pianist is the dramatization of the true survival story of Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Jewish pianist from Warsaw who died in 2000 and who can be seen and heard in the DVD Special Features.  There are some things that come off more powerfully in this true drama format than in documentary testimonials, and particularly notable with The Pianist is the educative value of observing through time the stages of dehumanization against the Jews in Poland.  In the early part of the movie, an ominous feel develops as there is a move from "No Jews Allowed" signs to the requirement of wearing identifying Star of David armbands, to daily abuse on the street by "ordinary" people, the complicity of a Polish police force, the announcement that Jews would be expelled from neighborhoods, the confiscation of property, being forced into an overcrowded apartment and worse later, the walls of the ghetto going up, selection for forced labor, family survival by divvying up a tiny candy, gunshots to the head on whim, failed attempts of children to smuggle food...and yet still there was not utter despair, and still family members had each other...there were lineups where some were selected to step forward to be shot on the spot, bodies to be stepped over, starvation, and then Szpilman watching as his family was herded into railroad cars for deportation as he was pulled back and saved by a Jewish policeman.  From that point, Szpilman goes in and out of the ghetto to labor, and in so doing aids in smuggling in handguns for a planned Jewish resistance...but then he decides to escape the ghetto and not return.  Adrian Brody is thoroughly convincing in his role as Szpilman, and the degree of suffering is increasingly apparent in Brody's face and gait.  Continuing on with Szpilman's story we watch from Szpilman's hiding place as some Warsaw Jews  resist, their molotav cocktails and guns no match for the tanks and flamethrowers.  Szpilman escapes death on more than one occasion, and even the helpful non-Jews aren't so helpful.  The burnt and gutted city panoramas, the bodies in pools of blood, the emaciation and disease, all these images...they hit, perhaps enduringly, in a place that a black and white photo montage with accompanying testimonials, valuable in its own way, just doesn't.
Other reviews here do an excellent job covering the content of this DVD.  I just wanted to mention that there is a slight technical problem with this DVD (and the rest of vols. 1-4).  The English language track on the G-Force episode is virtually inaudible on some players, which is a real disappointment and knocked the DVD down a star.  I tried on the two different players I have (Pioneer DV-626D and Playstation 2), and they both have the same trouble.  I even wrote in to Rhino's technical support and they kindly exchanged the discs for me, but sadly, the replacement discs are the same way.  I just wanted to put out the warning here.  The rest of the disc is fine and has great content - it's just that one problematic audio track.
I got 3 for the price of one.  My daughter loves these movies.  I was worried that barbie wouldn't be a good image to portray to little girls, (with the anorexic proportions and all) but I feel these movies are wholesome and teach kindness, generosity, the importance of reading, the love of the performing arts of ballet and singing, and other worthy topics.  I'm a fan and so is my 5 year old.
It may be hard to believe if you weren't alive at the time, but 22 years ago -- before soulless remakes were a dime a dozen and blatant CGI cheapened blockbuster flicks -- Arnold Schwarzenegger ruled the world. Produced at the cusp of his pinnacle, "Total Recall" teamed the future-Governator with "Robocop" director Paul Verhoeven, proving to be a match made in heaven as the two forged absolute cinematic gold. Boasting a witty script based on a Philip K. Dick short, mind-boggling special effects and a relentless stream of humor and ultraviolence, "Total Recall" still makes for a fun ride after all of these years.  Set in the year 2084, our story revolves around a simple blue-collar worker, Douglas Quaid (Schwarzenegger), who can't help but dream of the amber landscape of Mars. Even as his beautiful wife (a pre-"Basic Instinct" Sharon Stone) lies next to him at night, he's off in outerspace fantasizing about a life in another world with another woman (Rachel Ticotin). Against advice from his friends, he embarks on a fantasy vacation to Mars that promises an implanted memory of interplanetary espionage and extramarital lust without all the fuss of space travel and infidelity. As you can imagine, he gets more than he bargained for when something goes horribly wrong in the process and he actually finds himself on Mars, being hunted down whilst trying to, in his words, "give da people da air!"  "Total Recall" is nothing if not entertainment taken to the extreme. Without all of the social commentary baggage of "Robocop," Verhoeven is free to let his love for over-the-top action and jarring violence spill all over the place. From the opening scene to the opening credits, the film is a relentless rollercoaster ride. At the helm, of course, is Arnold Schwarzenegger who runs amuck through the scenery, spouting off just as many one-liners as he does bullets. Though perfectly able actors such as Richard Dreyfuss and Jeff Bridges were originally in the running for the role, it's hard to imagine the film with anyone but Arnold as Quaid. A good 50% of the film's charm is thanks in part to his performance.  Of course, one would be remiss if they didn't mention the absolutely stunning visual effects on hand. Thanks to legendary (but sadly MIA as of this writing) special effects guru Rob Bottin, there are sights in the film you aren't soon to forget, such as Arnold yanking a golf-ball sized tracking unit out of his nose and a female Martian who is, shall we say, well-equipped. Truly a time capsule of a bygone era, "Total Recall" pre-dates the CGI revolution brought on in later years by the likes of "Terminator 2: Judgment Day" and "Jurassic Park" and yet looks every bit as stunning today as it did when it was first released. The phrase "they don't make `em like they used to" definitely applies here.  To put it simply, "Total Recall" is the last of its kind. It's hardly dated (aside from some bad fashion choices here and there) and its entertainment value has not waned one bit over the years. In this film, you have a truly iconic action star in his prime with a director at the top of his game, making for a true, blue action classic. Sure, it doesn't probe the depths of the psyche as much as it could, but there's so much going for it, it's easy to forgive the film its few shortcomings. Put simply, "Total Recall" is a film you'll likely recall for years to come.
Version: U.S.A / Miramax / Region A, B, C Title: No Country For Old Men Aspect ratio: 2.35:1 MPEG-4 AVC BD-50  Running time: 2:02:10 Movie size: 28,65 GB Disc size: 32,26 GB Average video bit rate: 23.18 Mbps LPCM 5.1 4608Kbps 16-bit English DD AC3 5.1  640Kbps English  Subtitles: English SDH / French / Spanish Number of chapters: 22  #The Making of No Country for Old Men (SD, 25 minutes) #Diary of a Country Sheriff (SD, 7 minutes) #Working with the Coens (SD, 8 minutes) #Trailers (SD, 4 minutes)
Whether I like a movie or not, I don't write many movie reviews.  I either really like what I see or I have no feelings about the movie one-way or the other, and I think my opinions would be pretty much standard.  But it is also rare that a movie evokes such raw emotion in me. In other words, I hated this movie with a passion, and that doesn't happen to me very often. Because of this rage, I felt I had to do my duty to warn the public!  I was very tired after working a long day and decided to sit down and watch this "hysterically funny dark comedy." Okay, so waiting......waiting for the funny part.......still waiting.........Finally I find myself thinking, "God, this is the most depressing movie I've ever seen!!!!" The main characters are awful excuses for human beings. Miles is an obnoxious alcoholic who disguises himself as a "wine connoisseur." Jack, Miles' buddy, is an immature but aging pig with no regards for anything but getting laid on the eve of his wedding. In an early scene, I knew I was in trouble when Miles steals money from his aging and doting mother. "Oh yeah...now that's some funny humor" was exactly what popped into my head. Then, while still waiting for the funny parts to arrive, I found that I was being dragged down into a dark pit of depression and, worse, irritation. This was an incredibly redundant plot/storyline. Jack's constant harping on "c'mon, man! You need to get laid!' got real old real quick. And Miles' boo-hooing-lookie-at-poor-poor-pitiful-me persona throughout this stupid story just got annoying. You'd think the writers could have come up with something, anything, to break the monotony. I actually have a mild interest in wine and wine making. But even the diatribes about this in the movie got on my nerves. Miles shouting "no one is going to drink any f****** merlot!!!" as though life and death depended on it was another example of the fine comedy writing in this movie. Yeah. Now there's some humor for ya.  And the women in this story weren't really any better. Jack's newfound girlfriend allows herself to get emotionally involved with a man she barely knows and then gets mad when his secret is found out. Who knew that sleeping with a stranger on your first date may lead to some unpleasant surprises? But then, adding insult to injury, the writers of this crap seemed to expect us to feel sympathy for her, as well as Jack. By this point, the only thing I felt was a strong urge to smack myself across my head with a baseball bat because there I sat, waiting.........still waiting.......for the funny parts. I like Virginia Madsen in general, but her wine obsessions and lectures in this movie made her character out to be an extremly personalityless and boring individual.  Still waiting for the funny parts.......can't take it anymore. Fast-forward the last 30 minutes. At last, a mildly amusing moment. OK, so I laughed when Jack was trying to fake a car accident because he needed an excuse to tell his dimwit bride to be for his broken nose, given to him by his woman scorned, and the car missed the tree. The idiot deserved that one.  Gosh, don't I feel like the unsophisticated fool.  To think all of these years I thought Caddyshack was funny.
It had been at least 10 years since I had seen Hot Shots so when I saw the title available to watch instantly online, I jumped at the chance. Valeria Golino is amazing, first the scene with the horse, then the lounge singing act...Lloyd Bridges steals every scene he is in, especially in the tower when he first flosses between his ears with a handkerchief and then swallows the earplugs, also shouting at a painting when he thinks it is the base and at the funeral of "Dead Meat". Cary Elwes, Jon Cryer and Charlie Sheen all turn in hilarious performances as well and it features appearances by Ryan Stiles and Heidi Swedberg (Susan Ross from Seinfeld). Not 30 seconds goes by without a side-splitting sight gag, particularly during the flight deck scenes on the carrier. Classic Abrahams comedy!
I liked the first one and this one,and People will think I am nuts but I really think part 2 is funny,a little funnier than Part 1! as far on Eddie's Part. The Action is more of the same. Neither Movie is bad.
This was one of the most original comedy shows I have ever seen. it was a breath of fresh air in whats becoming a very clustrophobic and paranoid society since 9/11. it felt good to laugh at the misconceptions and prejudices on both sides of the arabian/american divide. and wheras each comedian brought his own extremely funny point of view to the show, building up momentum until the final act, Maz Jobrani, had me in stitches!!! I'm recommending this to all my friends, both Middle Eastern and American.
This movie came out before Obama was ever thought of ever being President of the United States with his health care plan. It is about the wrong in our country with our failing health care system. It was one of the worlds best years ago but now it is behind other major countries health care, even Cuba's. I wish everyone would watch this movie and see it with open minds and leave politics out of their mind while viewing. It is NOT about politics, it is about you and your families health care. Even if you have a plan today, you may find it gone tommorow or full of excuses on why it won't pay for anything.  This is not a boring movie. As in other Rogers Moores films, they are lots of funny moments but the real story about what our health care in America has evolved into is not so funny.
Does anyone have any information on any "buddy films" about Hitler. The early years of course. Before he became so "angry". Perhaps Stalin and Mao movies would be nice. Its high time we break down these taboos and see the lighter side of totalitarian dictators.  As someone whose father was almost executed by this "social justice-minded doctor" who cared so much about the "poor" (except when they didn't want communism of course), I find it mindblowing that people who live in freedom would gush about this man. Perhaps we have a lot of readers of Howard Zinn posting these comments. In any case, I'll stick to mindless action movies since at least they don't insult me.
Maybe it's kinda late for me, but I just watched Latter Days yesterday. I guess just like everyone else was, I was blown away. Never before had I seen such a touching, genuine, yet so naturally sexy movie.  I'd like to take this opportunity to say some things to C Jay Cox, Steve Sandvoss, and Wes Ramsey. Hopefully would be read.  1.To C Jay: thanks for making this movie. for me, it's a kind of spiritual healing; it's uplifting and comforting.  2.To Steve: you're so charming. thanks for playing your part beautifully. what a great breakthrough for a newcomer (at that time) like you to choose that role. Well crafted acting indeed. If Aaron Davis were here, I think I'd also fall in love with him, just like Christian. Keep up the good work. Will always be a fan.  3. To Wes: well..well..here comes the next Jude Law. Sexy, rebellious, n a stunning actor. More power.  If I could give this movie 10 stars, I would. God bless you all.
Before i bought this dvd i thought that the movie couldnt be that bad, especially to warrant its millions of bad reviews by critics and fans alike. Well, i was wrong.  The thing i really liked about this movie was the acting. I thought there were plenty of parts acted with a ton of emotion and charisma by the leads of Farrel, Jolie, and Kilmer. But thats about all the pluses i have on this movie...  After watching this movie i never got the feeling of 'Wow, Alexander really was great.' Sure he conquered the large part of the known world but i never got the sense of his accomplishments. What he did and ruled was put on the back burner to focus on his troubled relationships.  And it seemed no one liked the poor guy. From his parents, to his wife, to his soldiers, to his enemies, no one liked him... except for Jared Leto of course. And all this hate of Alexander ends in an anti-climatic death. Blah.  And there were two battle scenes in this 3 hour movie. Two! And while both showed a grand scale of battle, there were plenty of mish mash parts in the fights with a lot of clips thrown together. An average battle scene of one minute would have 30 different fight clips each lasting about 2 seconds. Not enough focus in the fights. Though there was a ridiculous focus on the elephant vs horse battle in which Alexander gets injured.  All in all i feel this movie deserves all of the negativity and failure that follows it around. I score it a very mediocre 2.5 stars for an epic with tons of potential but not enough vision.
This is hands-down my favorite Christmas movie.  The premise of the movie is simple and the plot isn't all that complicated, but it's just good, wholesome fun.  The characters are fun, funny, and Kevin is amusingly clever throughout the movie.  I believe I've watched this movie every Christmas of my whole life, and then some.  It's never gotten old.  The acting is great, and the John William's soundtrack is beautiful.  If you've never seen this, you're missing out.  Get it!
This film is yet another attempt by Hollywood to portray depression era communists as Idealistic or Indiana Jones type characters,not the schemeing Stalinists and ego maniacs that most were. Some idealistic young people did join Radical Left organizations, the sincere ones left when they saw the horrors of Stalin. Read HOLLYWOOD PARTY which goes into the history of this period in Hollywood and the Communist Party's role in the blacklist. The movie is only saved by Striesand's timeless song THEY WAY WE WERE.
I don't often write reviews, but this guy irked me so, that I felt I had to give my two cents.  First, he's extremely annoying to listen to and watch. This, however, does not affect my rating of the movie, because it's a docu and he is the guy who did the crazy project.  As many have written, it should really be titled something other than No Impact Man (especially the book, and it's over-emphasis on the "Man"), because he dragged his family into it with him. If anything, at the end of the film, his wife looks much better than at the start and, if I may, becomes rather like-able; he, however, has thoroughly declined, plagued by bags under the eyes and seemingly depressed. Perhaps it was the stress he put himself through, trying as hard as he might to figure out every possible spin he could put on his story? In any case, I'm sure that most of the rave reviews are from people who associate with the wife, who is definitely the more human of the two or perhaps the child. Beavan, on the other hand, is thoroughly embroiled in a plot to get as much attention as he possibly can through a media-grabbing stunt. Why no toilet paper? 'Cause that'll make people talk! There are some who are convinced that this isn't a stunt. Their conviction is probably based on the whining episodes in the film, in which he exposes how much it hurts him that anyone would think that would do this just for a story. If you were planning to turn off your electricity, and you wanted a way to refrigerate things, wouldn't you try an evaporative-cooling setup before you put all your trust in it? Wouldn't you find out if there is a specific type of pot that works the best? Or would you act like you had just been jettisoned in a city just like yours that somehow lacked all the things you used to rely on, and you must now heroically forge your way through the difficulties of not being able to buy your comfort? There's a difference between trying to be responsible towards the planet and being a nit-wit on a press-grabbing binge. Beavan repeatedly shows that he has no idea what he is doing and no motivation to find the answers. He casts himself into the role of a child on a trail of discovery into the wild world of third-world living (plus a solar-panel powered computer to update his blog and whatever else). Where were the shots of them in the library? Where was his journal, which he would edit and publish after the stunt? His ignorance - real or pretend - was difficult to witness.  For instance, for years now there has been a trend towards sustainable living, 'eco-culture' perhaps, which - as we must all now know, at least, I'd guess, anyone watching a film with such a title - is the new chic. It's fashionable to go green, local, sustainable, renewable. How could he, an only somewhat successful writer, tap into a huge reserve of current consumer sympathy? With a crazy experiment, movie, blog and book, championing a move towards the 'good life' of minimalism, that's how. But no one really wants to see him, which - to his credit - he knows, so he drags his family into it. He must've been aware that people relate far more readily to his wife and child that to him; he's got that bookish, dejected air, with an unhealthy dose of self-importance, one might add.  Another thing that turns me off is that for someone who so fanatically seeks a sustainable, no-impact path, he passes over (or seems to), the prerequisite research into this way of life, passed down to us from a multitude of generations that came before. Instead of educating himself about the different technologies available to him, he seems to rush into a year 'without' completely unprepared. It reminds me of that poor loser in Into the Wild, who thinks he can waltz off into the wild without thoroughly making ready, learning the in's and out's from those who have been there before, and ends up dying from it. Should we admire these people's 'courage' as they rush head-long into folly? Or should we admonish them for their complete lack of foresight and planning? They get so wrapped up in their philosophical search for some sort of meaning, that they not only alienate themselves from those around them, but they forget that many have already been down this path (and lived, and sometimes fairly well at that).  Adding nothing new to our collective knowledge (apart, perhaps, from the fact that Colin Beavan is annoying, and that husbands: before you try this, know that your wife will drop $1000 on shoes), then, what is the appeal of this movie? Well, it's all summed up in the trailer, in those few good shots and that nice, happy, child-playing-in-the-fields music near the end, as Beavan suggests titles that all would have been far more suitable. Even with such a title, however, the story would be lacking.  As a matter of fact, if you have seen the trailer, then you've seen the movie. They used every single shot worth seeing and sound-byte worth hearing in it, in order to get you to watch it. Unfortunately, the rest is just filler.  Two stars because he actually did it, and because his child is adorable. Oh, and I didn't turn it off.
GREAT MOVIE FOR THE HOLIDAYS I LOVE MEREDITH BAXTER. SHE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE ACTRESSES AND THIS IS A GREAT FAMILY MOVIE.
MY HUSBAND HAS TRIED FOR TWO YEARS TO FIND THIS MOVIE OURS IS WORN OUT WE WATCH IT YEAR ROUND NOT JUST AT CHRISTMAS ITS A GREAT MOVIE FOR ALL AGES.
As a Kevin Spacey and Julianne Moore fan, I intended to see this movie when it first came out, but it fell through the cracks. Then I read the book by E. Annie Proulx and loved it so much that I couldn't wait to see it unfold on screen.  Sadly, I was disappointed. The movie felt like a series of scenes from the book without the emotional fabric to connect them in a meaningful way. Major characters were left out (how about Quoyle's younger daughter, for one?) for no good reason, and the beginning was blown through in such a hurry that you could hardly get a picture of what Quoyle's life was like. In many places, plot points were underexplained to the point that I wouldn't have understood them if I hadn't already read the book and had the background knowledge to apply to them. I wanted to like this movie -- I TRIED to like it -- but in the end, I didn't.
This will never win any awards for special effects or great acting, but it will forever be one of the best Saturday morning shows ever filmed.  The first two seasons, anyway.  Season one was supervised by veteran SF writer David Gerrold (who wrote the Star Trek episode Trouble With Tribbles and the time travel classic The Man Who Folded Himself, among many other fine works) who got some of the best SF names in the business to contribute scripts.  The storylines through this season probed the possibilities of what might happen to the family in their "enclosed universe" and introduced some natives such as Chaka, and some dinosaur characters that they kept around as pets and for comic relief.  It also addressed themes of peace and integrity that should be instilled into every young person's mind.  And what better way to do that than through a format like this... what kid doesn't love dinosaurs?  The last episode of this season, written by Gerrold, provided the closest thing to a "satisfying ending" the series ever got.  Season two was much shorter and Gerrold didn't stay with it.  I think Ted Sturgeon contributed one script, but most of them were written by studio writers.  The series held true to the first season and they explored many of the same themes and kept most of the same characters.  At the end of season two, the father was sucked into a time portal.  Spencer Milligan didn't want to continue with the series.  As a complete series, these episodes should fit into a timeline that took place before the season finale to season one.  The first two seasons contained a lot of great writing, some interesting twists, a character named Enid who always seemed to know a little more than he let on and always had something of positive moral value to contribute.  There was always the threat of the Sleestaks (which were primitive versions of Enid, whose race had regressed with time), the T-Rex was a constant threat, and of course there had to be a way out... or was there?  One problem was that they found a routine and settled in it and spent very little time during this season looking for a way out.  Season three was an embarrassment that violated the rules the show had established for itself.  The kids' uncle (played by the guy who was in the short lived Planet of the Apes tv series), while searching for them, got sucked into the Land of the Lost just as the dad got removed.  How convenient.  Most of the characters disappeared, including Chaka's family (and Chaka looked different) and all of the dinosaurs disappeared except for the ones who kept trying to kill them.  They moved into the abandoned city even though it was the place that posed the most danger to the family due to the Sleestaks (who somehow ere able to talk this season, and the Enid character was made to appear weaker than he had before), and the stories grew more and more inane.  Human characters appeared without valid explanation, they explored more land (even though the "enclosed universe" had already been established as being a certain small area) and Greek God-like people and the Flying Dutchman and various other "legendary" people kept popping up, and a weird giant kept trying to kill them.  Some of the episodes were entertaining, but for camp purposes.  The Roddenberryesque life lessons the first two seasons taught were gone.  To make matters worst, the last show just ended and there was never any satisfying closure to the series.  I wish the Land of the Lost remake series from the mid-nineties would get released on DVD.  It can't be any worse than season three of the original.  I would highly recommend seasons one and two to any SF fan who doesn't mind a little camp.  Season three and the nineties series I would recommend to completionists only, as some of the episodes weren't really all that bad.  And now that you can get all three seasons in one package, why not own them all?
We live in Spain (Region 2) as this DVD is region 1 we are unable to view the product.  Purchasing DVD's over the internet becomes risky and difficult if the particulars on screen do not indicate clearly its region which sometimes happens.  Therefore I have a product I cannot enjoy unless I go to the expense of purchasing an all region DVD player, which is not that easy in Spain.  I should have been wary when the item in question was being advertised in dollars.  There is no indication on the DVD that I can see which indicates the Region.  Any suggestions?
i just wanted to warn everyone that these shows are from "the best of Groucho" and some of the shots are croped so you cannot see the desoto logo at the top of the screen. also the nbc logo on Groucho's mic is blurred out.
I own and love all T.T.C.M. movies. However, I must say that if I had a least favorite, it would be this one. Although I think Matthew McConaughey and Renee Zellweger give good peformances, I just find the "plot" to this one not as good as the other 4. A few silly scenes but this one doesn't fail to deliver the scares and gore. Just not quite as good as the others.
First a warning: if you see "Sweeney Todd" expecting another "Hairspray" or "The Producers", then you will be sorely disappointing. "Sweeney Todd" is not the sort of movie musical that viewers have become accustomed to in recent years. There are no big song and dance numbers and no toe tapping hits that will stay in your head for the next week. In fact, the songs aren't very good at all.  "Sweeney Todd" is the tale of a barber, Todd (Johnny Depp) who, fifteen years ago, was wrongfully arrested and sent to jail and who is now back in London to avenge the loss of his wife and daughter. He teams up with pie chef, Mrs Lovett (Helena Bonham Carter) and together they go into business, with Todd murdering his barbershop customers and Mrs Lovett turning them into meat pies.  Without the songs, the film itself is actually not bad. It is directed by Tim Burton, in his usual dark style, the story is interesting and the acting is excellent. Both Depp and Bonham Carter definitely deserved the Golden Globes that they won. However, it is the songs that let the film down. The songs are, for the most part, tuneless and repetitive and often take the form of just sung dialogue (as part of a conversation), rather than a whole song with verses and choruses, as you are probably used to. The first hour of the film is almost entirely in song, and I found myself struggling not to keep looking at my watch. Fortunately, the film improved in the second hour, when the songs become less frequent.  I'm glad I saw this film, and I don't feel like I wasted my money by going to see it at the cinema, but I also wont be seeing it again when it comes out on DVD. Overall, without the songs, I give this film 4.5 stars, but I only give the songs 1 star. This averages out to 2.75 stars.
David Attwood has made a wonderful, historic drama that is perfect for those lazy Sundays when movie viewers are seeking a good film.  A young man from an upper class family accidentally riles a hardened Captain who takes it out on a polite, bumbling preacher.  The preacher's life becomes unbearable aboard the ship, ending in a horrific event that will haunt many long after they reach land.  The story has plenty of romance, drama and action...which leaves something for everyone, and the acting is superb.  Chrissy K. McVay  -  Author
Ron Burgundy has it all - a dream job, a luxurious apartment, a great news team, adoring fans, and an enormous ego.  But, aside from a mangy dog that talks to him and shares his pillow at night, he is all alone.  Then Veronica, a pretty and determined feminist with big dreams, comes along and threatens to take away everything that makes his life so sweet - and possibly make it sweeter.  "Anchorman" was a good movie.  It was mostly a spoof on love stories and everything relating to the news, but I found it to be amusing and sometimes laugh-out-loud funny.  There was definitely some foul language and a few mature parts, hence it's PG-13 rating.  But I liked it.  As I mentioned above, it was just one big, hilarious spoof.
I purchased this video based on the good reviews it has received. I was disappointed with it because it doesn't have much to keep my interest. The salsa section does get your heart rate up a little, but is just a continious repitition of a few moves. I enjoyed the yoga fat burn section a bit more. It isn't really "yoga" but is loosely based on it. It did repeat itself, but I was sore the next few days in my butt and thighs. That was nice. I am 18 weeks pregnant and have started doing the Perfect Pregnancy Workout for now and will return to the less strenous FitMama video as my pregnancy progresses or if the doctor tells me to cool it a bit.
the sound quality and picture quality is too old on this one. ya, the collection is nice - but it is meant to play on old dvd players and the big glass television sets. current systems and flat panel displays either expose the weakness in the recording. a CD would have sufficed, for the collection of songs is very nice and unique.
This movie is absurdism at its best. The Big Lebowski is perhaps the epiphany of a long lineage of zany yet insightful comedies produecd by the Coen brothers. Set in Los Angeles, the intricate plot spins around Jeff  Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) and his friends, Walter (Jeff Goodman) and Donny  (Steve Buscemi) and their adventures trying to retrieve a briefcase holding  a million dollars. It is a well filmed and superbly acted commentary on the  modern social condition. Plus its absolutely hilarious! It gets better  every time you see it. Unless you're easily offended by "naughty"  language, you'd have to be dead not to enjoy this movie.
I've been a fan of the Indiana Jones films for as long as I can remember! I remember seeing The Last Crusade in the theaters and being wowed. I've lived through the first releases of all three, but I don't think I saw the first two in the theaters. But I've viewed all three various times on TV and video! And now, finally, the DVD collection has arrived!  Raiders of the Lost Ark was an amazing film. The idea of finding the ark of the covenant was brilliant. In my opinion, the story was perfect.  The Temple of Doom wasn't as good, but I've always liked it. It's just Capshaw's character got too annoying and girly. The Last Crusade was excellent. It's either as good or right below "Raiders." I'm not sure where they got the idea that the cup of Christ would give eternal life, since it's not in the bible. But it was a cool idea, and made for a great film. The DVD extras are pretty cool. We get a behind the scenes look at each of the films. They're pretty long too, which is great. I can't remember everything that's on the disc, but I remember that I enjoyed what I watched. Great movies, great DVDs.
This is the best TV I have seen in years.  Totally gripping drama.  I have seen 3 episodes of the 7, I can't want for the next episode, and I don't want the series to end.
First i'd like to say that although there are some differences between the movie and book.... i still loved it!  Second... while i was reading some reviews (mostly the bad ones) the one that bothered me was that of 'davidfancella,' when says that the relationship between Weena and time traveler is man and pet, that was not how i viewed it in the novel, i did feel a romantic connection and i don't think i was the only one and everyone is entitled to their opinion and their interpretation and i did get a romantic feeling between them in the book.  Yes in the book the Eloi were short and i was kind of disapointed that they were of average height here but that is my only complain.  The ending was changed and i like this hollywood ending better only because in the book it left me wondering what happened to the time traveler and i wanted to know and this movie tells you what happened, but if you are the type that likes when writers leaves the ending up to the readers imagination then read the book, read the book anyways because i did enjoy it!  I think the movie looked and sounded great, even if the evil creatures did look totally fake even if some things from the book were changed and left out. I think it was a great story, and a great cast and the roles were played out perfectly. Like i said, different yet from all the versions i've seen, this is the one closer to the book of the time traveler disapointed with the present who thought that the future was his answer and that humanity would progress only to be disapointed again when he sees how lazy and dumb society becomes. Really makes one think!
...This time you get a new character Margalo (by Melanie Griffith, her first job to provide only voice in film), but she is not a mouse, nor a hamster.  No, she is a lovely yellow bird falling onto Stuart's car coming from the school, and you know what happens to them next.  Just as a boy meets a girl, a mouse meets a bird, and they fall in love with each other, so what's wrong with that? Most of the cast of the original "Stuart Little" appear again, and you see Hugh Laurie and Geena Davies as Mr. and Mrs. Little, with Jonathan Lipnicki as George Little.  But you will be more impressed with the white cat Snowbell (with joyful vocal talent of Nethan Lane), who gets a bigger role here.  You also get a brief cameo of Monty (Steve Zahn), and as a new villain Falcon appears (voiced by James Woods), who flys and acts just the way his species' name implies. But what is most impressive in the sequel is the perfect CGI images that creates the seamless movements of Stuart.  The action of the animals is upgraded more than you imagine, and that alone will keep the eyes of adult audience wide open.  The best things of the film are probably the flight scenes over the Park of New York City, which is so real, but at the same time doesn't lose the magic and colorful touch of the film that makes the dream-like quality of "Stuart Little"'s world.   To be frank with you, the story of "SL2," which is less than 80 minutes (so short!), is too simple.  In short, it's about Stuart who meets a girl, which happens to be a bird falling from the sky.  I don't know if you buy this madcap idea of a mouse falling in love with a bird; or Stuart Little playing soccer with the kids, and the parents worrying about his being kicked, instead of his kicking a ball.  The script is just a chain of incredible situations, but first of all, you should have noticed that to adapt a mouse as a family member is not a common idea, so let's forget all about it, Okay? Human actors are given weaker parts, compared with the funny animal characters, but it must be so.  Because the film belongs to those lively animals, whose vivid and graphic figures can easily compensate for the lack of a coherent story.  Recommended as a family picture, but don't get serious for a minute.
for years we watch Jaws on tv every time its on, and now we HAVE it for our own. so excited. this was fast service came in great condition,packaging ,etc.
A great disney movie, purchased it for my three year old grand daughter.  I have this movie on VHS from when my kids were younger.  My granddaughter has a DVD player.  This movie is currently in the Disney vault.
Felicity Huffman earned richly deserved critical acclaim and many Best Actress awards and nominations for her transcendent performance as a man on the verge of a sex change operation in Duncan Hunter`s "Transamerica," a thoroughly offbeat and utterly winning tribute to both the diversity and the sameness that paradoxically lie at the heart of the human condition.  "Bree" (aka Stanley Osbourne in a soon-to-be former life) is just a few weeks away from officially becoming the woman she's believed all her life she was meant to be, when she discovers, much to her horror, that she may be the father of a 17-year old son she never knew she had.  At first, Bree is reluctant to complicate her life right on the eve of her tremendous transformation and hopes to deal with the boy - if at all - after she has undergone the surgery.  However, her transitional therapist insists that Bree confront the issue immediately so that she will not be going into her new life carrying over any unresolved baggage from her old one.  Thus, Bree heads off to New York City where Toby, her son, is residing in jail on charges of drug possession and prostitution.  Bree doesn't inform Toby of their filial connection, passing herself off as a concerned church lady whose job it is to help rescue youngsters in trouble.  Thus, they set off on a bizarre transcontinental road trip from New York City to the great Southwest, encountering many life-altering experiences and revelations along the way.  In many ways, for all its uniqueness of subject matter, "Transamerica" follows the standard blueprint of the classic "road picture," starting at Point A and ending at Point B, with the characters learning a great deal about life and one another on the way to their destination.  As their relationship evolves, so do they as individuals.  Yet, even though we know where all this is probably going to end up, the film doesn't feel stale or forced, partly due to the depth of the characterizations and partly due to the brilliant performances of Huffman and young Kevin Zegers as Toby.  Huffman could easily have relied on mere mimicry to guide her interpretation of a woman pretending to be a man pretending to be a woman.  Yet, even though she has all the physical nuances and mannerisms of that situation down pat, Huffman goes far deeper in her portrayal, plumbing the soul of an individual who's been hurt by life but whose resilience and sense of decency keep her intensely focused on where she's going in her life.  This is, obviously, a very challenging role for the actress, for in addition to having to remain "in character" in terms of voice control and movement, Huffman, to make the character truly three-dimensional, has had to flesh Bree out with the subtlest of facial expressions and inflections.  Zegers provides a perfect counterpart to Huffman's often studied rigidity (she naturally fears that she will be "read" at every given moment and this leads to her seeming uptightness), playing a troubled young man with very few boundaries in his life but whose innate sweetness and capacity for love is still buried somewhere beneath his hardened exterior.  The two of them grow in understanding of one another as they forge an unconventional but potentially satisfying life together.  There are other outstanding performances by Elizabeth Pena, Carrie Preston, and Fionnula Flanagan, brilliant as Bree's harsh and highly judgmental mother who has never been able to accept the truth about her one male child.  The screenplay by Hunter is rich with insight and humor, and his breezy direction makes the rural setting - with its shabby diners and sleazy motel rooms and vast stretches of empty roadway - an integral part of the film.  In a way, it is a stroke of genius on the part of  Hunter to set his film in the heartland of Middle America rather than in a big city where transsexuals would likely find much greater acceptance by the populace as a whole.  It is Hunter's way of telling people that, even in "Red State" communities, people like Bree exist and need to be accepted for who they are.  Perhaps this film, so full of warmth, good humor, and feeling, will function as a small but significant step in that direction.
Okay this movie is a hilarious and fun horror trip, you have awesome actor/rapper ( Ice T ) who with a friend in an underground subway line break through a wall in search of a magical golden flute that can control peoples minds when played. They find more then that they also find the pot of gold and the leprechaun ( Warick Davis ) who was turned into a statue thanks to the 4 leaf clover necklace around his neck. Ice T's friend takes it off and the little monster is free again but during a struggle and as luck would have it the necklace that was sent flying during the struggle lands on the little devil right around his neck turning him into a statue again  Later on three young rappers seeking to get a recording contract go to Ice T aka Mack Daddy who has since become a big time record producer, they do clean positive rap but boss man Ice T wants them to perform hardcore nasty stuff. While there they see the leprechaun inside a glass case sitting on the floor. They don't want to do hardcore rap there is a disagreement then they leave. Late at night the three break into Mack Daddy's office to rob it while searching the glass case is broken and the leprechaun is set loose upon the earth he reaks bloody havoc and leaves a trail of bodies in his quest to retrieve his flute and gold, the leprechaun and Ice T wind up in a battle, and trying to survive the boys wind up in a life and death battle against Mack Daddy, and the leprechaun  During his search the leprechaun goes to a neighborhood where he is introduced to new things reefer being one of them and the little devil smokes marijuana loves it and get's stoned he is hilarious. He also has his own harem made up of the sexiest prostitutes in the neighborhood under his control. High on weed he is a fun loving joking holy terror, and one lecherous lusting little dude, this film also features some great rap music, at the end the leprechaun/Warick Davis performs a rap piece that is really quite good while the girls dance,  I strongly suggest when watching this comic horror masterpiece make sure you aren't drinking anything because you will be laughing so hard it will fly out of your mouth ( Leprechaun Back To The Hood ) is good and it's actors are top notch but I favor this one. I am very happy with this
For A Few Dollars More is one of my favorite movies. The story is tight, lightning fast and the all of the actors are on top of their games. Clint Eastwood plays a hardened bounty hunter who has half a notion to settle down and  runs into some competition from Lee Van Cleef while searching for the big fish of bandits, a vicious pyschopath named Indio.  Lee Van Cleef had the coldest stare ever captured on film and when he fixes his eyes on the wanted poster of Indio you just know this is going to be a fight to the death. As for Indio, from the first moment you see him in half shadow lying in a jail cell, it's obvious that he's a certified official Bad Guy. Indio enjoys killing people and he enjoys money but nothing really compares to the apparently greatest moment of his life -- a murder and rape. The only thing he treasures is a gold pocket watch that he took from the scene. When Indio  opens that watch and thinks back to the woman he "lost" watch out because there will be a killing in the next few minutes. As the movie makes clear, there are three basic rules for dealing with Indio: 1. Don't ask any questions. 2. Leave the room when he starts fondling the watch and 3. Send your wife and kid to her mother's place in the next state if you think Indio might be stopping by for a drink.  The interplay between Clint and Lee Van Cleef is very well done. This is the one and only time in the Man With No Name trilogy that Clint comes across a man who is his equal in shooting, cleverness and drive. There are a number of shocking twists and turns and it all reaches a huge climax in a shoot out in a dusty street. There is great tragedy in this movie and quite a bit of humor. This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and not get tired of.
I won't say much about this one.  I don't care what you `My Name Is Earl' fans have to say about it, this film forever killed Jason Lee for me.  It made me hate him.  To be fair, I remember nothing about this film.  It was that bad.  The plot is forgettable and predictable and full of clich&eacute;s.  I love Julia Stiles.  Yes, she has absolutely no career at the moment, but she deserved one.  She had such fire and spunk and undeniable charm.  I seriously was in love with her at one point.  I would welcome her back to cinema with open arms.  She is the only favorable memory of have of this film (that, and Selma Blair's backside, which is always favorable).  The gags are ridiculous and the whole premise is just begging to be picked apart and crucified.  In fact, I forwent paying attention all together and made-out with my girlfriend in the empty theater.
I agree with other reviewers that this is too dark for its intended audience.  Madeline kidnapped to work in a sweatshop?!?!  And to explain about the poor girl she befriends and how she's sick because she's malnourished and never in the sunlight...it was horrible!  I wish I had previewed this one first!  My daughter was so distraught we actually had to let her finish watching it to see that Madeline and the other children were saved in the end and everything was okay.  I threw the video in the trash--no child should see this.
It's hard for me to be unbiased as I am a huge KISS fan ! The DVD offers excellent bonuses that you can't get on video. The movie mainly focuses on 4 kids that will do anything to get to a KISS concert.When the concert  footage is shown, it's like being at the concert yourself.Being able to  change camera angles makes it realistic !
The story is very realistic, and happens in real life situations.  The characters portrayed their roles tremendously, especially Sally Field.  Embracing a different culture is not an easy thing to do, it hurts like a  mental torture.  I congratulate Betty in her struggle for freedom and for  being strong.
I hate drama and romance, but if I had to choose one right now, the first that would come to mind would be this. Second, would be Say Anyting. He's got that way about him, John Cusack, he has a unique romance side about him, at least the character he portrays in his movies do, but since he made them, the real him shouldnt be that too far off I dont think. Back then Beckinsale was a new comer, now shes done all that "accent" stuff, like the gypsy with wolverine and patsy cline with that fly boy. In Serendipity, these two actors make a nice flick. The eyes work, but they wouldnt make a couple in real life. Not like James Van Der Beek and Katie Holmes if it werent for that show they did, what was it? Another cheese ball corn job drama. I hate dramas but since Im here right now, I'll recommend them to you. If you dont agree, then go watch the Last Action Hero or something.
Actually this elegant caper is one of my Big Studio favs but THIS Blu-ray release is a real letdown... Sixties-classic starring Steve McQueen and Faye Dunaway / directed by Norman Jewison / editor/coproducer: Hal Ashby ("Harold and Maud", "Shampoo", "The Landlord") / Oscar-winning theme song by Michel Legrand ("Windmills Of Your Mind") / then-new "multiple screen" aesthetics (N. Jewison had seen Christopher Chapman's "A Place To Stand", at 1967 Montreal World Fair) But what you get for your money is: - cropped picture - hardly any upgrade from DVD picture resolution - BD that's rather fatless in the extras department.  Film: 8.5/10 Picture Quality: 5.5/10 - like DVD Aspect ratio: ca. 1.77:1 (= cropped) (Orig.-Format: 1.85:1) Audio quality: 6/10 Extras: 2/10 -Audio commentary Director Norman Jewison -Trailer Studio: MGM/2oth Century Fox  Together with MGM/Fox's "Butch Cassidy" this is another disappointing BD release of a classic sixties hit coming from this studio...  Do you think this film deserves a DECENT Blu-ray release? Visit my Listmania lists 'Friends of Blu-ray' Pt. I-V
Being a hard core Resident evil fan, I was dissappointed hearing about how the story was going to end up, but it was still a good movie. People who are not familiar with the game should love this movie even more, game fans like me though some will, and some wont. And there are only 3 monsters in the film, and the hunters are not. There are Zombies, Cereberus(the zombie dogs) and a licker (was in the 2nd RE game) which is supposed to be the major killing machine filling in for the tyrant, which is pretty lame really if your a fan of the RE game as well as the novel. I thought the special effects done on the licker where a little too computer fetched too, and it didnt even kill the victims right. According to the game the lickers had a certain way they killed their victims, which was by twisting the victims heads off with its tongue. Coulve been better gore effects as well, if anyone thinks this is the best zombie movie ever made, then you have only seen the original night of the living dead, or no other zombie movie.  The acting is good, as well as the excitement. I really cant believe Anderson didnt just read the novel, because it went by the game so well, and was made up as a story. But if he did do it that way, the film wouldve had to at least be 3 hrs. long, but it wouldve been worth it. The actors were perfect though if they still had the same characters: Milla Jovovich couldve played jill. Michelle Rodriegiez couldve played Rebecca Chambers. Eric Mabius(guy who played in the great independent film black circle boys and the crow:salvation) couldve played chris redfield, and they couldve just found other people to play Barry and Wesker.  They shouldve gone exaclty by the original story. Some fans of the re game say they wouldnt want to see the same thing over again, but that is something that would be great to see. The game Resident evil had a great story, while the movie was though original. If anyone reads the Resident Evil novel, I think they will be very angry when viewing the movie of how it turned out. But I gave it 4 stars for the entertainment, the acting, and the monsters effects. However the story couldve gone by the original and the soundtrack couldve been better. Static X and slipknot do not fit this kind of film, it isnt even real music, if you disagree then learn how to play a guitar properly. Anyway the movie is worth viewing. It was good, but could've been amazing. Hey its a really good movie, and I plan on buying it, but I say this,"Everyone play the first Resident Evil video game from beginning to end, then read the novel. If your not a fan of video games, then just read the book, and to people who dont like to read either, read it anyway, youll love it".
Harry (Billy Crystal) and Sally (Meg Ryan) meet each other after graduating from college. Both are moving to New York City and Harry needs a ride there. Harry learns of Sally through a mutual friend and the mutual friend gets them to ride together across the country to New York City. Before leaving, the two had never met. What follows is a rode trip that firmly embeds each of them in the heart and mind of the other. After getting to New York, they part ways and don't see each other for years. Then a random encounter at the airport brings them together again. Fast-forward five more years and another random encounter brings them together in a bookstore. From there they become friends, then the best of friends, and eventually lovers. The last part of the movie deals with whether two people who are sleeping together can still remain friends.  WHEN HARRY MET SALLY was directed by Rob Reiner and like most of the films from the first half of his career as a director it is a gem.  The screenplay was written by Nora Ephron and earned her an Oscar nomination and much of the dialogue in the film is pure gold. Due both to Reiner's direction and Ephron's writing, there is a lot of truthful insights scattered throughout WHEN HARRY MET SALLY. Men and women do think differently at times and the way the two sexes view the world is explored fairly accurately throughout most of the movie. For example, Sally doesn't see herself as a high-maintenance woman, but she really is and as Harry points out high-maintenance women who don't think they are high-maintenance are some of the most difficult women to deal with.  Crystal and Ryan give two of the most memorable, if not meaningful roles of their careers thus far. The movie also offers strong supporting performances by Carrie Fisher and Bruno Kirby as two friends Harry and Sally try to set each other up with, but who end up falling in love and getting married themselves.  Despite all of the positives there's one thing about WHEN HARRY MET SALLY that bothers me to this day: the sex. Granted that hardly anything is ever shown, but there is a great deal of talk about it.  In fact, that's the whole premise of the movie: can a man and a woman be friends without having sex?  I admit that I am "old fashioned" in many of my ways, but in my opinion WHEN HARRY MET SALLY would have been an even more powerful, emotional, and truthful movie if Harry and Sally hadn't slept together until after they were married. They have this decade long friendship without having sex, then boom: they have sex and the movie is pretty much over. It seems almost like a cop-out. Still, the movie does a fairly decent examination of the relationships between a man and woman who truly love each other. Plus it's got some great lines and scenes and it has a happy ending. Too bad it couldn't have been a perfect ending.
Paramount has a new box set out on Elvis and its called Lights! Camera! Elvis! Collection The movies you will receive is (Blue Hawaii/Easy Come, Easy Go/Fun in Acapulco/G.I. Blues/Girls! Girls! Girls!/King Creole/Roustabout/Paradise Hawaiian Style).  There are 4 thin cases in the box with two DVD's of Elvis' movies.  If you don't like the 2 movies in one case deal, then you can buy them individually.  As a collector, I love to put my Elvis Movies in Chronological order.  So this type of packaging kind of cramps my style.  But at the same time this box set is a cool way to collect a good bit of Elvis movies at one time.  The only thing that is  negative I can say about this box set which has the same issues as the individual DVD's you can buy,  is the Disc are the same artwork on the 2000 releases.  The graphic and font on the disc don't match with the 2007 cases, but the cases are much better and it has a darker, colorful, and creative look to them.  I would buy this Box set if they threw in a Bonus disc of cool documentaries or great movie performances. Another reason would be that I would love to have to this cool blue suede box set.  Meanwhile, I'll enjoy my 2007 individual remastered Elvis movies from Paramount.  The Artwork of Elvis is bigger and I can go back to putting them in Chronological order.
what an epic awesome movie.  all star cast and a brilliant performance by the all star cast, this is a must own in your collection.
This title filled in our Shiloh collection.  It is very good, worth the purchase
Excellent, if you like westerns and love stories. Wyatt was loyal to family and friends. Even though Wyatt and two of his brothers moved to Tombstone to be together and make money, he couldn't escape who he was and  what he had been. And through circumstance he became a lawman again. He  also had a friend, Doc who was loyal to him in return. They stuck together  until the end. I found Doc to be funny, educated, daring and a man seeming  to have no fear. My reference to this being a love story also is because of  the relationship developing between Josephine and Wyatt and how in the end  he found her and made her his own for the rest of their lives.
This is by far the most difficult work out that I have ever done. I have done it for a week and lost .25 percent of fat. I'll keep on working on this and hopefully I will be able to fit into those jeans without looking like a stuffed toy!  Good luck to all of you.
Duran Duran reunited after 17+ years of being apart. Wembley Arena. 100,000 screaming fans. Five musicians at the top of their game, at the height of their powers after amazing, groundbreaking careers. First-class sound, crystal-clear picture, unvelievable special features. Commentary by the artists regarding each song. A bonus CD of the concert. Glasses included for watching a 3-d video. A booklet with great pictures commemorating the night.  Overall, a remarkable DVD. A landmark musical event. This concert is essential viewing for any music fan.  Five stars!
The Godfather is the finest film in the Mafia genre.The film creates an intriguing world of violence and power that completely engrosses a viewer and draws them into the movie. The storyline, the characters, and the action all contribute to the overall success of the film, and the visuals and setting are very realistic. The film clearly demonstrates the world view of the Mafia and how it differsfrom other criminal organizations.  From the wedding scene at the start of the film, the viewer is transported to the world of the Corleone family and the office of Don Corleone, the Godfather. This portion of the film does an excellent job at introducing the characters and giving a good explanation of what the Corleone family business entails. It was also an opportunity forthe son Michael to explain to his girlfriend Kay, who is ignorant of the criminal extent of the family, how the Corleones conduct business. This allows a viewer to immediately recognize the characters that are central to the story, the basic structure of the Mafia family, and what direction the movie is going.  The movie begins shortly after the end ofWorld War II. This marked a very important and successful period in the United States, and the Corleone family paralleled this. The movie follows the family as they expanded their power and influence in the New York underworld and the price that had to paid to accomplich this success.  The greatest asset to the film were the characters. Vito Corleone, expertly played by Morlon Brando, is the head of the crime family and is developed wonderfully throughout the course of the movie. His thoughts and actions demonstrate how he was able to attain and control so much power in the violent and changing underworld.By making offers that no one could refuse, usuallythrough the use of a firearm, and showing generosity to his friends, he is able to control and rule withnot only fear, but also respect. Vito's youngest son Michael, played by Al Pacino, is another fully developed character that makes this movie a success. The movie follows Michael as he first refuses to be a part of the family business, begins to assume responsibility for the family "business", assassinates two enemies of the family, and is later thrust into the role of Don after the death of his father. The change that takes place in Michael is gradual and movie does a great job showing how circumstances thrust Michael into his father's position, and how he suceeded in maintaining power over the rival Mafia families.  The director does an excellent job of not allowing violence to dominate the storyline and action of the film. It is true that many characters were killed or suffered dire consequences, but muchof the action of the film is in the dialogue and interaction between characters. The director realized that the threat of violence and allusions to violent consequencews held as much influence in the actions of the characters as actual violence. The Mafia is shown to be a business and the heads of the criminal organizations understood that decisions had to be based on thoughtful not impulsive actions. The visuals in this movie are wonderful. The dim overcast look of the film is very appropiate to the mood and subject matter,and the editing, especially the baptism scene at the end of the film, creates a sense of intrigue. The film's version of New York City during this time period is very realistic and bears mentioning. Portions of the movie also take place in Sicily. These scenes were also very credible and helped to both transport a viewer to the time period and also gives a glimpse of the environment tht the Mafia culture was born from. The Godfather is a wonderful movie that can appeal to a wide variety of people. The characters in the film were well developed and interesting. The film was also successful in its engrossing storyline and dialogue and did not have to resort to violence and action to hold the interest of the audience. The setting and cinematography is first rate and believable,and can transform a viewer into the film. Overall, The Godfather is one of the greatest American films, and I would recommend this movie.
I'm very happy with my order. I got it much sooner than I expected which was nice and it's in great condition. Thank you!
Movie has a lot of historical information about Jones' beginning into golf. Most of us know Jones through his black and white training films and his Master's association.  This movie is a true biographical look into one of the true legends of golf.  The acting is as good as the story line.  A must see for all golfers.
This film was advertised as a suspenseful monster movie, but instead was a boringly slow drag about two whining Americans wanting to go home and their journey.  No one cares about these two dumb characters, but apparently the writers saw some sort of redeeming quality about their constant complaining for an hour and a half.  The aliens, not monsters, are only part of the subplot, and the script is devoid of any information about them.  In fact, you only see them for several minutes on screen, and that is a generous estimate.  Learning about the aliens would have made a much more interesting film, and it deserved to be the main plot of the film instead of the two idiotic Americans.  District 9 was superior to this film in every aspect and is much more deserving of views than this time-wasting boring mess.
They had enough material to make three DVDs.  Unfortunately, they decided to make six.  There are times when a problem is started on one DVD and then actually solved on the next.  In fact, the entire problem solving sequence is repeated on the next disc.  The Standard Deviants are wonderful.  The person who edited the DVDs is out to make money.  Here's a suggestion: re-issue the disks.  One on linear ODEs, one on 2nd-order ODEs and one on higher order ODEs.  I'd like half my money back, please.
Chow Yun Fat is amazing. We usually see him as the outwardly tranquil, but troubled good guy. Here he plays a scheming, ruthless, sadistic emperor to perfection. I'm not sure why people would call this a martial arts movie. The focus is on the intrigue and the drama. The plot is convoluted. Seeing the movie multiple times would probably help. Zhang use of color and spectacle is impressive.  The problem with the movie is the battle scenes. They are too fantastic. All the palace intrigue works. It is a little over the top, but it is like Shakespeare: bigger-than-life people screw up their lives in bigger than life ways. The fight scenes just didn't do it for me. Too many fights are just too gravity defying. Another problem is that everybody knows martial arts in the movie. The final battle seem too grand. On the plus side, it is cool how they removed all traces of a very bloody battle for the festival the next day. One of the main themes of the movie is how the emperor holds the country together while his family is disintegrating. I have a another minor qualm: there is a lot of cleavage. At one point there were thousands of women dressed in low cut dresses in a court room. My friend from China told me that no Chinese woman would dress in such revealing clothing. The Chinese press took the director to task for the costumes.  The movie worked on several levels; however, it never really pulled me in. In some ways it was too over the top. It was too dramatic. I would probably watch it again. I checked it out from the libary. I'll probably watch it on TV sometime to see if it grows on me.
The DVD came in a fairly speedy amount of time. It was in good condition and plays with no problem. Definitely will assist in my lessons on the novel! :)
When I saw trailers of this film I thought it was going to be a comedy with little to no story value. But now that I have seen the film I can say that it has a very good storyline and has a few good jokes as well. Worth watching.
I LOVED this movie.  It's epic, suspenseful, Drama emotional, and even a bit of humor every now and again.  It was very well done, and completely worth watching!
Why this wonderful set does not come in HD-DVD format? I am so disappointed. I already ordered the Planet Earth in HD and can not wait to get it even though I am watching them on Discovery HD. Does anyone knows if the Blue Planet is available in HD?
This is a fictionalized account of the all-black 92nd Infantry Division fighting in Italy in 1944. More specifically, it is the story of 4 black soldiers separated from their unit who come into contact with a young Italian boy and a family of Italian peasants. One of the soldiers particularly takes a liking to the traumatized boy-and his imaginary friend-and sort of "adopts" the boy as his own. In turn, the boy calls his new friend his "chocolate giant." The story is very Christian and religion is a major factor in bringing together these people from two completely different worlds. The brutal racism of the era is also well depicted and there seems to be sort of an epiphany on the part of the black soldiers when they come into contact with these "white folks" who do not treat them like animals.  I'm not a huge fan of Spike Lee, but I do think he is a talented filmmaker who has made some quality films. Thus, I was disappointed with what I would regard as a somewhat amateurish production. The story was moving and had a lot of potential, but I think Lee blew it here. The battle sequences were awkward, the dialogue was often weak and inane, and too many of the characters were exaggerated to the point of near caricatures. I think this was a very important story that needed to be told, I just wish it would have been done a little better. All in all, it is worth checking out if the subject interests you, but I wouldn't expect to be blown away.
With everyone involved in this baby, I expected an awesome mind bending movie. Instead I got a fun, entertaining one. The extras are fun and shows how much love and fun went into the movie.  The entended version adds more to the movie but still, I wanted a little bit more....
This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen. All the actors/actresses play an integral part in this movie. I guess that some people can't think "outside the box". Not every movie has to make sense or have a solid plot to be good or funny. Sometimes stupid humor works, and this is one of those occasions.
One of the better movie adaptations of a classic 50's play. With the deportation to Cuba of terrorist suspects, the USA like in the red hunting of the 50's has a witch hunt in the early 21st century. The difference between scholarly knowledge and real wisdom and understanding is pointed out by this theme. The Catch 22 effect of confessing to a lie in order to save your life just makes one angry in watching this film at a systematic law that has no justice and real sense? The hero of the movie dies by hanging while reciting the Lord's prayer. The acting is very good and believable, but the script is expanded and the wording changed from the play. There are repeating themes in history and one of them is groundless persecution of minorities and those with different ideas or backgrounds from the ordinary.
alejandro amenabar's "ABRE LOS OJOS" aka "open your eyes"...is simply brilliant!... it's one of the best sci-fi ever made!...( along with "ghost in the shell" , "blade runner" , "cube"..etc.).. the acting,plot,cinematography,music (also composed by alejandro),directing are all perfect! -the story. ...C&Eacute;SAR (portrayed by spanish actor eduardo noriega who is btw also in amenabar's "TESIS".) , is in a mental institution,where a psychiatrist (chete lera) attempts to convince him to reveal the face he hides behind a plastic mask.Cesar insists that he's horribly disfigured (do to a car accident).no matter how many times he's assured that his face has been restored through plastic surgery. What happens next is totaly unbelievable!... the film just gets stranger and weirder till the final unpredictable conclusion. i wont spoil the rest. the film also stars penelope cruz as cesar's fiance , najwa nimri (also played in "los amantes del circulo polar" aka "lovers of the artic circle") as nuria,who is responsible for cesar's accident,&amp; Fele martinez(also played in amenabar's"Tesis" , "lovers of the artic circle" &amp; "el arte de morir") as Pelayo,cesar's best friend. other suggestions: read philip k. dick's "UBIK" , order alejandro's previous film "TESIS" or "thesis" (one of aljandro's best films!) ,also, his american debut film "THE OTHERS" , jaume balaguero's film "LOS SIN NOMBRE" (the nameless). abre los ojos dvd offers scene index,cast &amp; crew bios,production notes &amp; english subtitles..no trailers,making of,behind the scenes were included,but they are compensated by a great image quality.
"Four Weddings and a Funeral" may not be the greatest movie in the history, but it surely is the best modern romantic comedy I ever saw.  The only film that can possibly surpass this delightful one is, perhaps, "When Harry Met Sally ..."  Maybe tied. Hugh Grant has starred in many films since then, but his best role is still Charles of this film, who unwittingly finds his love in Carrie, an open-hearted American played by beautiful Andie MacDowell at his friend's wedding.  One miatake is, he foolishly couldn't realize it before he let her go after one-night stand.  But as the number of ceremony goes up (including one funeral), he gradually comes to notice that he threw away the best thing in his life.  And while he is wondering what to do, friends around him start to search for their real love, including his own brother David, his timid friend Tom, Tom's sister Fiona, and Charles's eccentric roommate Scarlet.  But where should Charles go?  Going back to his countless ex-girlfriends?  Or, Carrie?  But she got already married.   To be honest, a little abrupt ending of the film damages an entire movie's strength a bit, but all comedies have to pay the price to end the show within an appointed hour.  What is incredibly splendid about "Four Weddings" is that the characters are all so lively and sparkling with witty dialogue that you think they are not acting at all.  Actually, on top of Hugh Grant, many actors are still associated with the roles in this film even if they got more populality after this film; Kristin Scott Thomas is later to be nominated Oscar for her turn in "English Patient," but she will be remembered as deliciously aristocratic Fiona.  John Hannah made his name popular through the Hollywood blockbuster series of "Mummy," but still he is kind-hearted Matthew to those who have seen him recite W H Auden (most touching moment) in "Four Weddings."  This is that kind of film that changes the cast's life.  It happens once in your lifetime. With this great ensemble cast, we have fantastic script by Richard Curtis, filled with funny lines uttered by completely  believable characters.  He does not fail to take great care of minor characters, and give them equally good moments.  Look how Serena, in love with handsome David who is hearing impaired, learns sign.  Trying to impress him, she mixes up "nice" with "mice," but, you know, when boys and girls are in love. nothing can stop them from understanding each other.  Cute. Brilliantly written, "Four Weddings" is a superb model of romantic comedy.  If you like this type of movie, you surely will fall in love with it; and if you're not, your mind will be changed just like mine (I didn't expected much from it, so I didn't go to theater until the last day).  And the film never forgets the sad side of life as the title implies.  Sad thing is one of the cast Charlotte Coleman, who played most unconventional bridesmaid Scarlett, has passed away recently.  She is terrific.
"The Proposal" is a hilarious romantic comedy because of the fantastic casting.  Betty White steals more than one scene with her hilarious antics and one-liners and Sandra Bullock does a fantastic job of playing the uptight, control-freak boss who's housing a lifetime of pain and vulnerability under her intimidating persona.  It is Ryan Reynolds who gives this familiar we-weren't-supposed-to-fall-in-love-but-we-did plot its refreshing twist.  He is two-thirds leading man with his gorgeous looks and suave demeanor.  But he's one-third comic genius and Mr. Reynolds deftly shows us both sides throughout the whole movie - alternately wooing the female audience with his Cary Grant looks and charm, and then unexpectedly showing the looney comical expressions and antics that his fans have come to love about him.  The reason "The Proposal" works so well is because we can relate to the common man-vs.-woman struggle that defines most romantic relationships.  Ms. Bullock's character is one we can identify with - she's strong, capable and desires to be in control, while simultaneously vulnerable and secretly hoping there's a man out there who will really love her enough to put up with her "stuff" and not abandon her when he sees her many flaws she desperately tries to hide.  The script is witty, there's wonderful character development as we start to see why each character behaves the way they do - all in all, I thought it was a fresh, witty and totally enjoyable movie - I've seen it 5 times.
Weekend at Bernies is a comedy about two employees of a accounting firm. The two employees are best friends with different personalities. Richard is the hard working, do everything by the book employee and Larry is just the opposite. He's lazy and care-free. They are told to transform all the accounting books into the new computer system. When they do this they uncover that someone has been stealing from the company. When they bring this to the attention to Bernie Lomax (who is the company CEO) Lomax tells them that they have done good work and invites them to his beach house for the weekend. The two employees accept the offer and are on cloud nine. But while Richard and Larry are now planning for a vacation, Bernie Lomax is planning to have them killed for uncovering his defrauding the company. But the poeple that Bernie has paid to have the two guys killed instead instructs his hitmen to kill Lomax because he was getting to gready and he is sleeping with his girlfriend. So the hitman kills Lomax by injecting him with a needle. Richard and Larry are shocked that Lomax has died and then some of the locals come to party at Lomax's house and no one notices he is dead except for Larry and Richard. So the two of them pretend that Lomax isn't dead until the uncover what happened. If you like stupid comedy, then this is for you. When I saw this in the movies, I asked the same queston that I am asking now. How can anyone not know that this guy isn't dead?
Good action packed movie ,well worth watching great special effects has a different twist to the ending that was different from the fairy tale.
I give this movie a thumbs up ! I Tyler Perry's movie's always leaves us with one of life's messages and though a lot of the movie was serious , it was also funny ! I can't wait till the next movie or stage play !
I bought this movie because I heard it was filmed on the Isla of Mull (Scotland) which I visited a few years ago.  The movie was fantastic, but with Sean Connery what else could one expect?
Ok let me start my review this way. I'm a 49 year old black woman that grew up on Kung Fu Theater. I was a bit of a tomboy back then and I guess that part of me kinda stuck around because I still like "guy" movies-- everything from Spartacus, Platoon, Goodfellas, and of course, Kung Fu.  Over the years I've watched Bruce Lee to Ong-Bak and everything in between.  I'm in love with this movie. .seriously not only did it have a message, but the fights were like that-- and Ip Man was such a cool character while he was kicking butt. . awesome, absolutely awesome.  If you like this kinda movie, look no further you've arrived.
Arnold's life is just as interesting as his movies, and just as inspiring. It is a real motivational movie, being a nobody from another country and rising to the top, you can't help but feel inspired by some of the things that Arnold has accomplished in his life. This movie explores many aspects of his life, from youth and trying to learn English, all the way to his run for Governor which we all know he won both elections.  Roland Kickinger is definitely a good choice to play Arnold in this movie. He has the right look and accent, but sadly the same can't be said about Jurgen Prochnow. Jurgen is good as Arnold, but he doesn't look as much like the present-day Arnold they way Roland has the look of the young Arnold. That being said, the acting in the movie is still good and the story is fun to watch. If you are a fan of Arnold, then you will definitely want to see this movie. Once again I say, it is definitely a picture of what a person can accomplish and it has you cheering for him all the way.
This show isn't for the overzealous or the over religious. That's not its point. And people seem to only think that just because Joan talks to God that this must be a wholesome (and sometimes unrealistic... see 7th Heaven, blah) show. No, it's about people and life. This is a show about a girl growing up and trying to understand her place, or how her life works. Joan has a kind of faith, but she's confused (what teenager isn't?) about how everything really is. Joan is a teenager. Of course there's going to be some drama or "soap opera" (sorry, O.C. is soap opera... JoA isn't) to its writing. Get over it. I wouldn't expect Joan and her friends to act like 30 year old librarians. Their behavior actually has a point to the main storyline.  I for one am not religious, but I don't call myself atheist. So, I like a show where the religion is not the point. It's whether or not you believe in something rather than nothing at all.  The show isn't wholesome. It's brilliant. And not for the uptight or closeminded.
Awesome, did they ever come out with Sin City 2.  I have watched this several times.  It is a classic that you don't want to miss.
"Diabolique" is one of the most influential horror films ever made. Alfred Hitchcock himself employed many of the methods used by this films director (H.G. Clouzot) when making his own masterpiece Psycho. In fact, the biggest problem with this film, when it comes down to it is that it's too influential. So much so that a lot of people won't be surprised by the twist ending and leaves-you-thinking fade out scene. Even if it surprises you, you'll recognize...It's been done so many times. This movie itself was even remade with Sharon Stone. Anyway, the movie takes place at a boys school run by Michel Delassalle (Paul Meurisse); A hateful, cold man who abuses his wife Christina (Vera Clouzot, who I believe was the directors wife), who owns the school. He's also having an affair with Nicole (Simone Signoret). Not the typical movie affair where everything's hush-hush. Even the students at the school know. Michel has already began abusing Nicole and the women decide that they've had enough. It's not just the abuse that worries them either. Christina has a heart condition and if she dies, Michel gets the school. They plan the murder quickly, yet efficiently. They lure him to a place far from the school, slip him a sedative via glass of wine, and drown him in a bathtub. Then, they dump his body into the pool at the school. Things go well for a little bit, but then the suit Michel was killed (and dumped) in arrives from the dry cleaners. Disturbed by this, Christina asks that the pool be drained. When it is, no body is found. Overcome by nervousness, Christina inadvertently hires a private detective named Alfred Fichet...She doesn't want to, but he makes her nervous and points out inconsistencies in her stories. Disturbing events continue to develop, including a young boy who claims Michel had just punished him and then there's the figure standing in the window behind the boys in a school photograph. It's all pretty intriguing stuff. The movie then leads up to one of the best twist endings (at the time) in history. The end title card even warns audiences not to tell people what they've seen. The final moment of the film is creepy and unsettling, but it a perfect way to end the film. This isn't a horror film that people used to today's standards of horror would like. This is no Hills Have Eyes or Hostel. This deserves more comparison to films like Rosemary's Baby and Psycho (the Hitchcock version, not the Gus Van Sant). It's got moments of really disturbing stuff and it's a very important film. And it's available in a pretty good (I'd give it 4/5) transfer from The Criterion Collection.  GRADE: A-
This is a riveting movie which chronicles the life of Johnny Cash.  He is shown as a boy who admires his older brother Jack who plans to become a minister.  When Jack is killed in a tragic accident, his father turns on Johnny in his grief.  This puts an indelible impression on Johnny who feels that he is never good enough for his father or for anyone else.  The movie jumps ahead to Cash's life in the military and his attempts to be a door-to-door salesman.  From the earliest days his passion is music and eventually he makes a success of himself by singing songs which he has written.  His marriage suffers from long separations when he is performing on the road, and he gives in to the temptations which fame brings.  He has a longstanding admiration for June Carter, which grows into love, but she resists being connected to a man who is addicted to pills and other women.  Joaquin Phoenix and Reece Witherspoon shine in the starring roles and the chemistry between them is evident, especially when performing Johnny Cash songs such as "Ring of Fire".  This movie is highly recommended viewing.
I absolutely LOVED Iron Man One, one of the best movies I've seen - couldn't wait to buy Iron Man 2.  Even bought the Blu Ray edition.. Had a party to watch it.... almost everybody left.  I want my money back.  What a rip... The dialogue was horrible, too long, childish, made no sense.  The plot could've been great if carried out, but Mickey Rourke was horrible and Gwyneth Paltrow, a CEO, come on.  A few of the scenes were good but the writing was so ridiculous, like I said, everybody I invited over left the room except for me and I regretted watching it to the end... I sure hope there is NOT an Iron Man 3, or if there is, get some new writers.  When are people going to stop supporting these Hollywood nut cases and quit being taken as suckers, me being one of them.
Based on a nine novel series by Cressida Cowell.  Focus is on a geeky viking boy who doesn't fit in with his rough and ready father's brute dudes.  Along the way of trying to prove himself he wounds and then later befriends one of the toughest of dragon types that eventually lets him ride it.  This is basically a well done tale of a boy and his "dog" with themes of acceptance at the forefront.  My nieces and nephews loved this one.  Adults should like it in varying degrees as well.  The ending, which was bittersweet, came as a surprise.  I didn't think they would push it that far but they did.  The twins are the best kid supporting characters. CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: B to B plus; STORY/PLOTTING: B plus; DRAGON MYTHOLOGY: B plus to A minus; EMOTIONAL PLOT POINTS: B to B plus; VISUALS/3D FLYING: B plus to A minus; HUMOR: B; MY GRADE: B plus; WHEN WATCHED: end of April 2011.
Charming and delightful. 20 shorts, each five minutes long. Like all anthology movies, some tales work better than others, but you are sure to find some favorites. (I liked the mime, vampire, Bob Hoskins', Natalie Portman's, and American tourist stories the most!) I think it would appeal to American audiences more if the stories were presented in a different order (as recognizable Hollywood actors aren't presented until half-an-hour into it). But it's a wonderful film of 20 delicious nibbles devoted to the city of love.
Beerfest was a whole lot of fun to see for the first time in theaters.  If you're with a bunch of guys and you all like to drink, this comedy induces such a euphoric blast.  I've seen the other Broken Lizard movies and I'm really let down by them when I compare them to Beerfest.  Beerfest is top notch comedy that barely ever has an unfunny moment.  Super Troopers and especially Club Dread felt a little bit dry, but this film is exciting and hilarious.  Not only do we have the comedy troupe performing at the top of their game, but the supporting cast almost outstages them.  The Germans are outstanding comedians, some of them body-builders, and the two amazing actors, Will Forte and Nat Faxon tear up the stage.  This movie romps because of it's incredible cast and it's easily applicable subject matter.  Who couldn't have fun with a beer comedy? Don't answer that question.  Bottom Line: Beerfest is a lot of fun, and is a must watch for any group of guys.  It defies that stereotype of low budget comedy films selling on the promise of sexuality.  They may have a cover that labels them as another "Sex Drive" or an awful American Pie spinoff, but this is true comedy.  It's cheap on Amazon, so grab this and some cheap beer and you will definately have a fun night.  It's too bad they can't duplicate their efforts in another film, but Broken Lizard does have one comedic masterpiece.
The first television movie that I have ever seen that remained true to the novel.
Pretty light stuf,  half comedy and half suspense but mostly the former.  Hitchcock always places himself in all his movies in subtle ways but this time he does so in a blatant and hilarious way.  No doubt he thought the same of the film which was not subtle or deep but stunningly shot both photographically and per location.  A wonderful quality film even though "Hitchcock Lite".
I should preface by stating that I love Tyler Perry movies.  His stage and screen works are excellent.  This movie version of the play, however, is low on my list of favorites.  While, technically, WHY DID I GET MARRIED? is a great film, I was very put off by the character of Mike (played by Richard T Jones) who continually abuses and berates his overweight wife (Played by Jill Scott).  I am so put off by his character that I sometimes skim over his parts when I watch the movie on DVD (I've watched the movie many times and enjoy it, on the whole).  I understand why Tyler Perry wrote that character and it was very well played by Jones.  However, his constant verbal abuse and total disregard of his wife seems to go too far.  Is anyone really that much of a pig?  Even if his character is believable, it's just too much for me to watch.  And the wife seems a little too self-pitying for my taste.  I would prefer to see a stronger female character in her.  I should add, however, that the rest of the characters are outstanding.  I particularly like the characters of the slightly confused husband dealing with his loud-mouth, boozing wife (Michael Jai White and Tasha Smith). It's particularly good when the husband finally takes a stand against his current boozing wife and his ex-wife who interferes.  The characters of the couple who are still dealing with the loss of their child (Janet Jackson and Malik Yoba) are excellent.  The scene where they break down and cry about the night their son died, thus letting out all their pent up feelings, is the best part of their story.  Then, of course, there's the power couple (Tyler Perry and Sharon Leal) who need to work out their troubles.  Tyler Perry's character seems to be the strongest and best part of the movie.  His character has the most depth, I think.  With the exception of the abusive husband character (Jones), most of the characters in this movie are easy to relate to.  The story is well done and captures your attention.  The dialogue is realistic and flows well.  Despite my three-star rating, which I only assigned because of the one flawed character of the abusive Mike, I highly recommend it.
This movie is incredible! Since it must be viewed with an open mind, this movie is not for everyone. It's dark, gory, and downright disturbing; however, none of that takes away from the fact that it is magnificent. Brad Pitt plays a detective new on the force, and Morgan Freeman plays his partner and mentor. These two men are clearly from opposite ends of the spectrum, which makes the plot even more interesting. Together, the detectives slowly enter the mind of a killer who patterns his crimes after the Seven Deadly Sins. Kevin Spacey plays the insanely psychotic killer who has a surprise twist for the detectives. The climax of Seven is unlike any movie or book out there. It will leave you begging for more. This movie is for anyone that can handle a little bit of gore and a lot of suspense!
i really liked this movie, but i was a little dissapointed in some things they took out that seemed incredibly important to the plot(most notably shuyas hatred for the government and his love for rock and roll, and NO mention of bruce springsteen?) also they took out same deaths i was really interested in seeing, the homosexual kid who gets tricked into making his own head explode, and the scene where the kid with the crossbow trys to rape the track runner is very tamed down (in the book she gouges out his eyes and shoves an ice-pick down his throat) also the whole movie seemed to move WAY to fast, the turned a 600+ page book into a 111 minute film. they also removed the mitsuko rape scenes (wich i would understand if this was an american movie but dont you only have to be 14 to be shown nude in japan? well maybe thats just a rumor i heard somewhere) in short i geuss i expected it to be much much more graphic and explicit than it was.perhaps oneday they'll release one closer to the book, and is about 3 hours so they can really catch the charactors the way the book did(some of the students weren't even mentioned in the movie) also i was pretty dissapointed by the ending, i expected the big car chase, and the pencil going into the teachers throat.but if you just wanna see a cool movie than i would strongly reccomend this.
If you ever wondered what it might be like to be at Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, this film is your best bet.   It is a long, careful, meticulous look, at a monumental event.  It is also extremely well balanced.  This is no Gung Ho propaganda film.  It shows equally how  skillfully the Japanese caught the U.S. off guard, how ill prepared the U.S. was for the attack, and how bravely the American servicemen tried to make the best of a horrible reality.  It keenly illustrates the ironic tragedy, where Japan is victorious in battle, but ultimately loses the war. The battle scenes, despite their intensity and  fury, give only a hint of the carnage both sides were to suffer in the course of the conflict.   As more time passes, and the veterans (both Japanese and American) are lost to us, I doubt that there will be another movie made about this attack.  If there is, it will have to go a long way to best Tora, Tora, Tora.
This is a great dark comedy with a lot to say about what it means to truly be an artist, and how to not get lost in the world of pretension that so many wanna-be artists wind up in. It's smart, daring, and original. A must see.
"Unforgiven" is set in early 1880s Wyoming and captured the Oscar for Best Picture for 1992.  The movie also won three other Academy Awards.  At the start of the film, a prostitute is brutally attacked, and a bounty is offered by those in the brothel to anyone who can kill the assailants.  William Munny (Clint Eastwood) travels to Wyoming with Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman) in hopes of collecting the bounty, but Big Whiskey sheriff Little Bill Daggett (Gene Hackman) is set on stifling any attempts at revenge for the attack.  In addition to the first-rate cast, the cinematography was very good as well ("Unforgiven" was nominated for an Oscar in that area, too).  The characters are complex and have mixed motives--there are really no good guys here, and this is definitely the seamier side of the Old West.  While certainly there were showdowns between good and evil in the Old West, the film is an entertaining reminder that there probably were at least some noir episodes in that time and place as well.
Not only was this movie very true to the play, it was very well acted by three wonderful Oscar winning actresses.  Diane Keaton plays Lenny, the oldest of the three, who seems to be the most sane sister of the three.  Jessica Lange can't seem to keep a man.  She just sort of jumps from one relationship to another and Sissy Spacek plays Babe, the youngest of the three, and she has just shot her husband, so she has a few problems there.  Yet it is that that brings the three together again for a bittersweet reunion.  Sam Shepard also shines as Doc Porter, a long time friend of the family.  I would classify this movie as being a 'chick flick', but a very well done one at that!  So if you like these actresses, I would highly recommend this movie to add to your collection.
My Disclaimer: I enjoyed Jarmush's other pictures, "Dead Man", "Down By Law", and "Stranger Than Paradise". I loved "Rushmore", and found plenty to praise in the ultimately disappointing "Lost in Translation." I'm also a fan of "Barton Fink", "Punch Drunk Love", and "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead". In short, I don't mind slow-moving films with complex motivations or ambiguous endings.  However, I do mind being jerked around for two-hours by a relentlessly dull plot played out by one-note characters. The premise holds promise-Murray's character receives a mysterious, anonymous letter, apparently from an ex-girlfriend, warning him that a son he never knew existed is seeking him out.  A story this personal hinges on how interested we are in its main character. Unfortunately, whether he's watching TV alone, being flirted with by a naked teenager, getting his face punched in or finally making contact with a boy he believes to be his long lost son, Murray wears the same tired, dead-pan expression, and gosh, that's boring.  That's the point, you say-he's detached, removed, filled with ennui. Maybe, but if that's so, why is he going on this half-baked mission to begin with? Give me something human so I can buy into this far-fetched setup.  In his quest to find the letter writer, and through that his son, he meets the attractive teenage daughter of an ex-girlfriend, whose name is Lolita. You might find this terribly funny. I found it obvious and contrived. It certainly isn't subtle or clever. You couldn't pick a more obvious sub-reference, and Murray beats it to death by pondering it several times in the scene, as in "You're name is Lolita?" and "You named your daughter Lolita?"  We got it the first time, Jarmusch. Let's move on already.  After several more visits to ex-girlfriends, and despite several red-herring clues, the identity of his son isn't forthcoming. He eventually approaches a runaway boy he thinks may be his son, but isn't. And that's it.  That's the whole point, you say-no easy answers, no contrived conclusions. That's fine, and that concept can work. Robert Altman's "Gosford Park" was able to turn the who-done-it on its head by not only leaving the mystery unsolved, but having its characters and the audience question why we should care in the first place. But "Gosford Park" worked because the people in it and their situations were INTERESTING. The same cannot be said for "Broken Flowers", which just plods along pointlessly for two hours and suddenly....................ends.
We enjoyed this movie trememdously.  It points out the trajedyof Tibet.
This 1954 Alfred Hitchcock classic was nominated for four Academy awards.  I remember seeing it years ago and loving it.  Seeing it again, I'm reminded of the way things used to be, and it is certainly worthwhile as a retro experience.  It's interesting to see the clothing styles and the dial telephones.  There's also a mystery that kept me interested.  Jimmy Stewart is cast in the role of a photographer with a broken leg.  He's confined to his apartment which is supposed to be in New York's Greenwich village.  From his window, he observes his neighbors.  And the apartment house across the street just happens to be designed in a way that he can look into the windows of all the apartments and get a bird's eye view into the lives other people's lives.  Every day a nurse, played by Thelma Ritter, comes to look in on him.  She shares his interest in his neighbors and she counsels him about his love life.  It seems his girlfriend, played by Grace Kelly, wants to marry him but he holds back because she is a society girl and he doubts if she can fit into his life of international travel to a wide variety of war-torn and isolated places.  But as the film progresses, she gets more and more involved in what he suspects is a murder in the apartment across the courtyard.  She's beautiful, of course, with an unnaturally tiny waistline which was the style in those days, and she plays her part well.  Raymond Burr is cast in the role of the supposed murderer.  Did he or did he not kill his wife?  This is the storyline that keeps the audience guessing.  The plot moves swiftly and it certainly captured my interest.  And Hitchcock had a way of capturing suspense that is unique.  It is successful as a film in most ways.  But it's 2010 now I'm a bit jaded.  That why, in spite of my giving this film a high recommendation, I'm not exactly sure that it has stood the test of time.
I skipped this film in the theatres because I hate boxing, but after a friend's glowing recommendation I watched it on dvd and was blown away. Crowe's performance is stellar - the best I've seen yet. Paul Giamatti steals every scene and it's to Hollywood's shame that he didn't win best supporting actor.  I have some problems with Ron Howard's films, though I like many of them. He tends to underestimate his viewers and overcompensates by manipulating their emotions. This wasn't needed in this film, and its deepest flaw is the villification of Max Baer. Nevertheless, I give it 5 stars for the compelling boxing sequences (I never thought I'd find myself, a self-avowed pugilphobe, cheering and yelling with every scene), Crowe and the supporting cast's perfect performances, the excellent depiction of the Great Depression and Northern New Jersey (I spent a large portion of my childhood in Bergen County) and most of all, the amazing story of an everyman named Jim Braddock, who deserves to be remembered as an American legend.
Believe it or not, this is one of my favorite comedy Christmas movies I've ever watched. I've seen it at least 10 times within the last two months on DVD, and I'll probably see it again another 20 on TBS today. The movie itself is pretty humorous. It reminds me of when I was a child in elementary and how fun that day was. The acting was so phenomonal to me, because all the parts were played well. My favorite part was when the Ralphie says in a very fast pace that he wasnts a Red Rider BB Gun to the Macy's mall santa, only to get the common response "You'll shoot your eye out kid...". Then he kicks Ralphie down the slide. This DVD is very fun to watch. This movie came out in 1983, and it's actually older tha I am. It includes a trailer, comentary, and interviews with the characters. Like I said before, I've seen it many times, and it never gets old at all. If you're reading this review right now today, TBS is playing the movie all day, so you can't miss it.  Peace!  P.S.- R.I.P. James Brown
I agree with the positive reviews here 100%, but apparently this must be your type of movie for this to apply - some do not get it.  I notice a sub-plot that is intriguing - seemingly completely unnecessary (I'm waiting to hear the interviews) - and would like opinions from others.  There's a scene where the sheriff (McDormand) meets what seems like an old friend/acquaintance from school, an oriental-looking guy - sorry can't remember his name.  She meets him at the Radison I believe for lunch.  Its a totally weird encounter as he begins seeming normal and progresses to trying to put the make on this obviously pregnant woman, which she skillfully rebuffs, and then turns tragic.  Later in the movie McDormand talks on the phone with another school chum who fills her in that nothing the oriental guy disclosed to her as highly personal tragic info - none of it was true.  He was totally deranged mentally.  Like I said, its a captivating subplot, but what the Hell is it about?
The Editor's (son's) cut removed some wonderful scenes from the original movie.  Had we known of the cuts - over 10 minutes worth, we would not have bought the movie.  Hopefully the original will be issued in DVD or BluRay format.
I ordered both of the Time Tunnel DVD's. Never got to the second one. Poor acting and very dated effects.
My husband & I rented this movie, and since it's rated PG-13 we thought we should watch it before the kids got ahold of it, and I'm sure glad we did.  We laughed a lot, thought it was cute, and we both really like Ben Stiller, but pretty much from the beginning we decided we weren't letting our 13 & 11 yr olds watch it.  Personally, we wouldn't let anyone under 15 watch it.  There's far too much sexual innuendo, crude humor, foul language.  My husband & I are definitely not prudes, but we certainly don't want our kids exposed to stuff like when the Average Joe's team is forced to wear S&M costumes, when Ben Stiller's character gets turned on & starts, ummm..., "massaging" himself with a slice of pizza, or the scene at the end with the girl-girl kissing!  Just not stuff we think young kids should see.  If you're an adult and enjoy some great slap-stik (and can handle your own flashbacks to the pain of dodgeball on the playground), and plain old sillyness, then this would be a great weekend rental.  But, I would recommend watching it when the kids have gone to bed or are out to a sleepover!
Remember that movie Star Wars?  Well, this is Star Wars all over again, right down to "There's nothing you could have done had you been here, you'd have been killed too and the [egg] would now be in the hands of the empire!"  "I want to learn [to be a dragon rider] and take on the empire!"  His teacher even dies a death at the right moment, granting the boy another power up (this movie follows the Kung Fu heroic power up model where every tragedy gives him a new level of power gain).  All that aside, it's not a bad movie.  Take it for what it is.  Seriously though, Think of Star Wars when watching it.
This is an excellent story of the early life of the Dalai Lama of Tibet, their Spiritual and Secular leader, and his escape from Tibet in 1959.  He has lived in exile since then India, since the Chinese refuse to acknowledge that the Tibetans are not a part of China.  They have destroyed most of the monasteries, and killed millions of Tibetans.  You see the cruelty of the China toward minorities.
If you are into the macabre or Steven King style tv shows, this show is incredible. The way the weave all the characters in together is phenominal. A exhilerating combination of magic and folklore, religion and fate. This show is a must-see and grips you from the start of Season One all the way through to the end of Season Two, which is sadly the end of the show. If you've seen the first Season, you've got to see how the show pans out.
If I'd reviewed this a few years ago, I would have given it a 3 instead of 5, but over time, it's grown on me, and is now one of my favorite cinematic tellings of the story.
That's the best description for this movie; awkward.  Watch the dvd for the 1988 version of Hairspray which is outrageously funny and I would say a cult classic and compare it to this one.  Only then will you realize it's an awkward movie because it completely fails to surpass, to meet and to even stand up to the 1988 version for so many reasons I really don't feel like typing so much.  Do yourself a favor and purchase the 1988 version and hopefully one day it will come out in BLU-RAY!  1988 Version of Hairspray in BLU-RAY AMAZON!  : D  I've been looking for it for a long time!
For a series of movies built off of a horror video game, Resident Evil has been an enjoyable ride.  Too bad this version has so many people who have supposedly survived for literally years in a world gone to hell making so many horribly bad life & death decisions.  Biggest gripe was with how the movie seemed to dumb down the returning characters to fit the "plot" they developed for this flick rather than raising the stakes to meet up with the characters they chose to revisit.  Poor L.J., not my favorite character, has my sympathy in this outing as yet another abused stereotype when he should have gotten the "heroic sacrifice" role that was given to Carlos.
Having seen only three Michael Mann works before, I was pleasantly surprised when my ignorance was shed and I learned about this movie.  It is very much like Heat, The Insider, and Miami Vice.  The movie doesn't bore you with gratuitous murder scenes or delve into the killer's methods.  Rather, it lets you know more about the killer himself.  Some of this is conveyed by the scenes with the killer, but I think you learn just as much about the mind of Dollarhyde from Peterson. What happened to the note from the Tooth Fairy to Lecktor regarding Peterson's family?  I am probably forgetting something there...The cinematography and screenplay in this movie are excellent.  As usual, Mann throws in a brief yet explosive dialogue between two of the main characters.  The frustrated and pure exchange between Farina and Peterson late in the movie is compelling.  The scene when Peterson is used as bait for the killer is astounding.  Too tense.  Must be seen.  I could have used a more meaningful ending sequence, but in light of the film-making constraints discussed in the interviews on the dvd, it is good.  I am glad I purchased this film.
This is the one movie, with the exception of Dances With Wolves, that has the right to be three hours long. Why? Because there is not a weak moment in the film. Whether you are on the edge of your seat waiting to see what will happen to Wallace's wife, or analyzing the politcal tactics of Robert the Bruce as you slowly realize how much you are like him, the film never drags and only gets better. Edward "Longshanks" is one of the most deplorable villains you will meet on the screen, and his son one of the most laughable. Sophie Marceau was the ideal choice for France's princess, and she plays the role of Wallace's patron and avenger with an obvious passion. I can't see how someone could dislike this film unless it were out of pure cynicism. This is the kind of movie you buy, not rent. You're alone on a weekend, not doing anything - you can always watch one our day's greatest actors and filmakers portray one of history's greatest heroes.
Once again Sergio Leone proves that he is the master of the classically "American" genre film, this time training his exquisite eye from the Western to the gangster film...gangster EPIC, actually. &gt; This movie takes place via disjointed flashbacks over a period of fifty years, focusing on the life (and death) of crime as experienced by four childhood friends, specifically David "Noodles" Aaronson, portrayed in maturity by Robert DeNiro in another typically inspired performance. &gt; The movie in its American release nearly 20 years ago was absolutely butchered by the US-based distributor, with over an hour of footage removed from the feature in order to make it more managable for US audiences.  The result was that the personality of the movie was essentially siphoned off and the film was savaged by film critics nationwide.  When the movie was released for cable a year or so later, a fair bit of the footage was restored (and in fact another edit presented the film exclusively in chronological order from Noodles' youth to old age). &gt; This restored version does include as much as the film's original footage as can be accounted for (to our knowledge), and the effect is somewhat more enlightening than the cable edit I first saw (and legitimately loved) almost two decades prior.  The violence edited back into the movie makes it more difficult for the viewer to find sympathy/empathy with any of the characters (which may have been a stretch to begin with)...but while the extra features are a wonderful addition to the DVD (James Woods' admission on the Leone bio piece that to this day he is asked what exactly happened in "his" last scene...and to this day he's uncertain himself...is worth the price of purchase alone.  And Richard Schickel's film-length commentary track is also a joy to watch/listen to. &gt; But Warner Brothers REALLY dropped the ball by deciding to split the film into two equal lengths for the purpose of placing it on 2 discs; particularly when considering that in fact Leone did make provision for an intermission within 2:45 of the film's original running time.  The most obvious issue is that yes, a rather crucial scene was unceremoniously interrupted as Disc One ends and resumed at the beginning of Disc Two.  Arguments will be made that this was necessary to include the full-length commentary track for both discs, but even "Pulp Fiction" with a complete running time of over two-and-a-half hours was able to complete the presentation with commentary track on the same disc; you have to believe Warner Borthers could at least have done a better job with Leone's final masterpiece.  As it is, the perfect realization of the film that was by all admissions nearest and dearest to the Italian film maestro's heart still eludes him, even in this digital age.  Had he lived to see it, he could not have been pleased with this treatment.  Nor was I.  A terrific film, beautifully and lovingly shot as always, speaking to the emotions of the viewer in a way that so many American directors simply can't pull off...but once again the editors have failed the artist.  I own it, and will view it regularly out of respect to its brilliance as a film, but someone should have been sacked over this DVD presentation.
It will be hard to adequately use appropriate adjectives to describe the 25th Anniversary production of Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall.  Epic. Emotional. Incredible. Visually stunning. Truly extraordinary cinematography. Moving.  I've seen the Phantom many times on stage in Southern California - but this one... well, it simply takes this amazing show to an entirely new level.  The acting is superb. The vocal quality of highest caliber.  I think you can tell that I am overwhelmed by this production.  But then... at curtain call - the man, Andrew Lloyd Webber takes the stage to --- well, I don't want to spoil it.  BUY THE DVD.
What a great DVD! I've been waiting for SUPERMAN:THE MOVIE to come out on DVD for quite some time and this DVD was worth the wait. If you loved this film then in 1978, you'll absolutely love this DVD edition. It has all the magic you remember and more! The film itself has been brilliantly restored for the DVD. SUPERMAN:THE MOVIE has never looked better. I did have to turn the volume up a little on my TV set to hear everything, but that is the single flaw in this DVD release. All of the memorable scenes are hear better than ever. The destruction of Krypton,Jon and Martha Kent finding Kal-El for the first time, the Fortress of Solitude, Superman appearing to the public for the first time to rescue Lois Lane from a helicopter, and the list goes on. There are some scenes added to this version also. I think just about any additional scenes to SUPERMAN:THE MOVIE just make it better and even more enjoyable. Even the DVD extras are quite good. There are some movie trailers and the famous teaser are here also. I enjoyed the three documentaries. They were made recently for this DVD edition of SUPERMAN:THE MOVIE and there are interviews with almost all of the principles involved, including Christopher Reeve. Plus, there are some cuts of John Williams famous music score included as well.  In case you were wondering, I really liked this DVD. It had been a long time since I saw SUPERMAN, and it still holds up today. When I was younger, I believed a man could fly, and I don't see why anyone else wouldn't believe a man could fly, even today.
This is a fantastic video if you love ventriloquism.  It also gives you the option to watch it censored or uncensored, so if there are children, they can also watch it and enjoy the magic that Jeff Dunham has to bring his puppets "alive".  You will find yourself watching and listening to the puppets themselves, forgetting that a human brings them to life.  Just a wonderful video.
amazon recommended this movie based on other purchases and obviously they had me pegged wrong. this movie was not what i thought it was going to be. if you like movies about racist youth without any moral, this is your movie; if not, don't waste your time. there wasn't even a good story line or any action in it. i expected it to have something good to it because tim roth was in it, but it left us with nothing.  would not recommend this movie.
The increased awareness of the bombing of Pearl Harbor among a new generation should be rewarded with a viewing of this film,as opposed to the current video game version.  Is Pearl Harbor really the appropriate historical event to detail a mushy, who cares romance?  The film makers here knew it was not.  They adhered to the tension and the events that led up to the declaration/misinformation of war due to the decreased technological advances of communication of the time.  This is an important lesson and it shows how War is definitely a problem of communication more than anything else. There is no need to remake this movie as it stands on its own as entertaining history.  It should be viewed by everyone.
Modern times was a smart comedy in the previous years to WW2. Charlot made raptures images in several sequences. Our unlucky or disadapted little man , definitively wasn{t made for working with the industrial process. This kinetic introduction in the middle of the complex mecahnism of machine systems is a issue to develop unforgettable laughable situations. The sense of alienation in front the no ending belt , causes in him an insane loss of the reality. And the machine who feeds you without waste of time for your employers is a classic. Obviously Charlot inspired himself in Metropolis, the bitter nightmare of Fritz Lang from 1927. (Watch for instance for the employer who works around the machine control) . So our beloved anti hero goes out from this the factory to the hospital and over and over he tries to get a job but he fails , by one reason or another. In the middle of the film will appear a deep inspiration. The eternally beauty Paulette Godard represents exactly that weird mix teenager-woman who will work out as link for him later. He is a guy with good feelings. He acts always as humanity benefactor but the long arm of the fate runs behind him and the results are not succesful. The sequences in the dinner hall with the chicken that never comes to the impatient client is a masterpiece. Literally it's a funny coreography dance in the purest sense of the word. Smile ; no matter what's wrong with you. We'll keep ahead , overcoming all the possible obstacles. A remarkable film and one of the landmark pictures of this timeless genius. Haven't you seen it? Make yourself a favour and buy it as a gift for you or your wife or fiancee or kids. This film will never dissapoint you , at least in the next three hundred years.
This film is thought of in many different aspects, one is the way normal people see the film.."oh its just a long boring movie about drugs and music". The other side of this movie (for the people that look for the  deep side in movies)in my option is extremely deep and emotional. Each time  you watch this movie you will either get a whole new storyline or a new  perspective. I have the film on tape but I have just ordered the DVD....  DEFINATE MUST SEE
OK...what can I say that hasn't been covered in the 600 other reviews of this movie??  I found it to be very funny...Cohen skewers anybody and everybody...he is an equal opportunity offender....there is no political bias here as some have claimed...only a "stupid" bias...If you're stupid and ignorant he is going to make fun of you... The movie is a well done mix of both actual candid moments and staged moments and you often ask yourself---"Was that real or staged??"  It is sometimes hard to tell...though I suspect more of it was staged than most people realize it is still realistic enough to make me want to hide behind my couch for eye-gougingly embarassing moments that his actions cause...I am shocked he didn't get beaten up or worse....It takes either great courage or great insanity to pull off what he did here and though you won't be watching this movie over and over for its nuances, editing, and storywriting, its club you over the head, "I can't believe they are showing/doing that" humor is certainly worth watching at least once...
I've always loved the movie, but the interview with the grown up kids was especially interesting.  Watch the interviews first and then the movie.  You'll see it through new eyes.  Fun!
Norman Reedus (Yum) and Sean Patrick Flanery  do an incredible job bringing these characters to you. Willem Dafoe is superb, love him! All the supporting actors are great to watch as well. Highly recommend this to EVERYONE!! They are currently filming the second movie, 9 years later. Great comedy, action, and very talented people. Love the deleted scene when their Ma calls! Gotta love the Irish! Nice bum!
An emotionally gripping and educational film. I used it for the first time in my American History class and the students were profoundly moved by the story.
This is not a JC Flick. If we are talking about standards of Jackie Chan actually starring in the movie that is. He was the director of the movie that is for sure but he does not play any cameo whatsoever in this movie. I was dissapointed when realizing this. My fault was not reading any reviews whatsoever and any reviews that I did read did not fortell this information. Well their ya go there is no Jackie Chan in this movie whatsoever. The fighting scenes are beautiful and are demonstrated fantastically but the movie lacks in storyline (Much like any other Jackie Chan movie). I suggest several other movies consisting on what you are looking for. This movie is certainly a action orianted movie set out to feed the action hungry flick goer. If you enjoy a good action flick with a nice story line check Accidental Spy also by Jackie Chan. Another with a more Dramatic touch to it is the Drunken Master Saga including several great martial artists Saga includes&#62;&#62;  Ledgend of Drunken Master--Return of the Drunken Master  Names of movies change due to language barrier and marketing excuses. --India name is--Drunken Monkey in Tiger Eye--  Taiwan--Drunken Monkey Fist--  Keep a look out for the movies and read the reviews. Many have different tnames then what you really read them for. Just be careful. Nevertheless I would recommend this film if you are looking for a good Action flick..not a Jackie Chan action movie!
Night of Living Dead is one of my all time favorite movies, and certainly one of the scariest ever made, a brilliant feature debut by George Romero,so I very much looked forward to this edition, expecting a lot, but unfortunately being disappointed for several reasons, Many films for their DVD release or re-release have additional scenes included, usually scenes that were cut from the original due to lenght restriction (Dances with Wolves, Amadeus) or ones that the director at the time decided to cut for artistic reasons only to be restored later (Exorcist).With Night of the Living Dead, the filmmakers decided to film new scenes and drop them in the original film, to add and explain ,(as they claim),more than they could have done back in '68. Having watched both versions, and being a fan of the film for years, I did have a problem with that.For one, the added scenes did not really add much to the film itself, on the contrary, the scenes added at the beginning and end of the film took a lot of power from the original. The opening scene of the car driving through the cemetry which immediately set the tone and atmosphere of the film,is preceded in the new version with a scene of the burial of the original 'zombie', as if to give a background for what will happen next. But for me personally what I liked so much about the movie is the when and where and not the why the zombies roam.Moreover,the last scene in the original film was extremely powerful, unexpected and ironic, to add new scenes with the reporter and a demented reverend is not only totally unnecessary but it somehow ruins the 'in your face' raw ending. The other disappointment is the making of featurette. For a 30th anniversary edition of this classic, one would expect a feature lenght making of segment, for I believe there would be so many on camera contributions and anecdotes, but the real making of we get comes from the audio commentary, and instead the making of on the DVD extra is just 9 minutes long, and mainly about the filming of these new additional scenes. However, the new transfer of the original film is of excellent quality, and it does enhance the enjoyment of film. So my full marks go to the original 1968 version on this DVD, since a Night of the Living Dead is a classic that should remain untouched.
This is the second anime I would recommend buying, the first being ledgendary Ghost In The Shell. The only weak spots in this film is the plot. It is somewhat predictable and not very original. That said, this  film is not about plot, it is about incredibly cool fighting and good vs  bad.  The film succseeds perfectly at being a fun, action packed fantasy  anime. With superb animetion and INCREDIBLE sound, this is a must  have! That is why it deserves every bit of the 5 stars, dispite a  weak(but not bad!) plot. However, it might not be for good for the kids  ;)
I stumbled across the show at midnight-Perfect time to watch it, if you know what I'm saying and I'm sure that you do.....
I purchase a lot of DVDs.  For the past few years, it seems that almost every DVD comes in a special edition two-disc release that includes deleted scenes, documentaries, cast bios, trailers, teaser trailers, music videos, and the director's recipe for three-alarm chili.  I usually don't have time to get beyond the first disc, and much of what I do get around to usually turns out to be as boring as it gets.  This time, however, I am happy to report that the two-disc anniversary release of Philadelphia is worth both the money and the time invested in it, even if you already have Philadelphia on DVD.  The special features include the 84-minute documentary, One Foot On A Banana Peel and the Other In the Grave, an extraordinary piece of amateur filmmaking by an AIDS patient named Juan Botas.  What I did not know was that Mr. Botas' AIDS diagnosis provided the inspiration for director Jonathan Demme to make Philadelphia in the first place, as Mr. Botas was best friends with Mr. Demme's wife.  In the meanwhile, Mr. Botas mentioned to filmmaker Demme that it was a shame that the black humor, amazing courage and other interesting dialogue that emanated from his fellow patients at the clinic where he was being treated was being lost forever as it left their lips.  Mr. Demme gave Mr. Botas his hand-held camera, and the results so impressed Demme that he wound up releasing the documentary through his own production company.  The finished film is touching, oddly comic, tragic and as effecting as any piece of drama you've ever witnessed.  One of the patients from the doctor's office was also given a few lines in the main feature, Philadelphia.  Which brings us to that film.  At the time of its release, Philadelphia received some very harsh criticism from the AIDS community for its perceived flaws; it was judged by many as "too Hollywood" to be realistically representative of the HIV / AIDS experience.  To their credit, in the background documentary included here, "People Like Us" (which was the original working title of Philadelphia) the creative team behind Philadelphia (including Jonathan Demme, Tom Hanks and the screenwriter Ron Nyswaner) meet this criticism head on, presenting a defense of their work that is both credible and illuminating.  Many complained that Philadelphia was void of any tenderness or physical contact between the male couple (Hanks and Bandaras) but this is not only redressed by a closer look at their scenes together, an extremely intimate scene between the lovers in bed (which was excised from the final cut) was deleted not for its controversy but because the scene simply didn't work (having now seen it, I can attest to this fact).  I have long seen this movie as not a film about AIDS per se, but as a film about homophobia.  Indeed, the main thrust of the plot (besides the trial) is the transformation of the character of Joe Miller from committed homophobe to a more enlightened and tolerant person.  One of my favorite scenes (which it turns out many people wanted to delete from the final cut) deals subtly with Millers transformation - the "opera scene".  In that scene, Miller is asked by the character or Andy what he thinks about gay people.  The attorney responds that, when straight people think of them at all, most straight people pretty much see all gay people as some sort of sub-human predatory monsters, out to ensnare the children of the world into a twisted sick life, and destroy all that straight people hold dear.  Andy abruptly changes the subject, "Do you like opera, Joe?" he asks.  Caught by surprise, Joe admits he does not know anything about it  - and Andy Beckett - this sub-human destroyer of children, responds by tenderly and passionately explaining his deep love for beautiful music by allowing Joe to see just a small piece of exactly why so many gay men love opera.  He plays the aria La Mama Morte, carefully, passionately and articulately explaining the story and the beauty behind the words and music.  Joe is immediately transformed - it's clear that he is deeply moved.  By playing the piece, La Mama Morte through again in its entirety, the screenwriter and director shows us that the music has stayed with Joe long after he's left Andy's home.  We see him leave Andy's apartment and go home in a sort of daze, kiss his sleeping baby and slip into bed with his slumbering wife, while the beauty of the music haunts and caresses him, like a gorgeous gay lullaby.  Some of my gay friends were among those who didn't get this scene - they saw it only as a stereotypical depiction of a gay man's love for opera.  I got it right away - by exposing Joe to a thing of beauty he'd never experienced before, Andy had suddenly allowed Joe to consider that gay men were not only something more than what he thought, he demonstrated that we are capable of enormous passion and the ability to appreciate delicate beauty.  This scene, more than any other, allowed Andrew Beckett to be transformed from a predatory sub-human freak into a human being, not only for Joe Miller, but for many in the straight audience.  It has remained one of my favorite scenes in a movie ever, and a small part of what makes Philadelphia such a powerful experience.  Highly recommended.
This is probably one of those comedies in which you never expect it to make you laugh. When watching it, you realize that it's done its job VERY well. Oh, yes! This one made me laugh as if I was breathing in laughing gas. The visual gags and verbal humor actually worked. The all-star cast (Cleese, Goldberg, Lovitz, Gooding Jr., Green, Atkinson, etc.) made it all the more enjoyable. The silly adventures (confronting a biker gang, riding on a bus full of Lucy Ricardo lookalikes, meeting a woman who sells squirrels, etc.) are so ridiculous and unbelievable that you can't help but have a good time while watching this film. The only problem I had with the film was when Smash Mouth played their hit single, "All-Star", at the end of the film. I have heard that song WAY too many times now, and I wish the crew used a song that hasn't been overplayed in TV commercials, films, and on the radio.  Otherwise, this is a great comedy. Grade: A-
As soon as I saw a trailer for <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002IT5GDC">Stan Helsing</a> on the DVD, I lowered my expectations, and hoped Ghost Machine would be much better.  The movie starts with a female prisoner being dragged into an interrogation cell, then it flashes forward 9 years to some techies working on a combat simulation program for the military. You don't find out what happened to the prisoner, until flashbacks later in the movie. As the prisoner was tortured to death, her spirit seeks revenge, using the computer to make kills that have a lasting effect in the real world (think of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00005JOWW">Stay Alive</a> meets <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0790740443">Soldier</a> ).  I was surprised at how weak the acting was. I've seen previous work from the cast (which was pretty good), so I'm assuming they had must have had a lousy script and/or a bad director to deal with.  In addition to the drab dialogue, the sound quality was horrible. I cranked my sound system, and still had trouble hearing the actors, but the sound effects blasted out. I can think of dozens of no-budget B-movies with better sound production.  I can't believe it was over 30 minutes into the movie before it got interesting. however, the second half of the movie was far better than the first half, once the supernatural action began. (That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 2.) They should have spent less time with the techies conversations, and had more scenes with the torture spirit.  The ending was kind of a cliche twist, but not too bad.
This was a waste of time it has stuff from '97 to late '98.But the short parts with mick foley D-X and the nation was interuppted by the austin mcmahon battle.And dont watch this if you have bad eyes, the part with kane and undertaker will kill your vision its mostly red and blue.DOnt buy this its not worth it...
I had high hopes for this after reading so many positive reviews, but I'm sorry to say it's a pretty big disappointment. This is basically a PBS pledge-week style performance. With little exception, the performances are uninspired. If you have good memories associated with these groups, I suggest you hang on to them and skip this disc. It's not fun to have your cherished memories butchered by struggling performers.  It's telling that no person involved in the audio production would take credit on either the liner or on IMDB. That's something to look out for on future purchases, because after all it's about the music, and when the music professionals don't want to receive credit something's not right. Thankfully the video producer and director let us know who they were, so we have some idea who was responsible for the bad lighting, washed out video and amateur camera work.  If you're a big fan of Lawrence Welk PBS pledge drives then go for it! Otherwise, take a pass.  For a performance that's shot beautifully and sounds fantastic, I recommend checking out <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000BTFZK0">Weekend On The Rocks [live CD & DVD</a>]
i don't know. i think i must be a hard audience lately. because my amazon choices are not, well, good. especially this one. incendiary dragged on and on and on, one maudlin scene after the next. it just grated. the characters were morbid and wrapped up in self-involvement. yes, the girl who lost her son, she grieved, but i did not cry (and i often do with sad movies), because her character was superficial and underdeveloped. she was not likable from the get. she was cheeky and arrogant. she was in a crappy relationship with a horrid man, one whom she didn't even like, so little did she like him that she cheated on him within the first couple of scenes. then when he died, she sang his praises (??). it would have been one thing if she was just sad for the loss of her boy, but instead we got to watch an abused wife pine for a crappy husband who got blown to smithereens. ewan mcgregors character was arrogant and shallow, then vindictive and weak. ugh. save your time. watch another movie whose screenplay gives its characters some heft. this one is not worth it. two stars, because i like london.
I ORDERED 2 DVD'S I RECEIVED THIS ONE BUT NOT THE OTHER ONE SO YOU HAVE A 50% CHANCE OF RECEIVING YOUR MOVIE
When will Hollywood see the error of its ways and at long last learn the lesson that they should attempt to capitalize, at least not too much, on the stupidity of the general movie-going public? Yes, it is more cost-efficient for the movie industry to develop upon successful franchises or potential franchise, churning out sequel after sequel as quickly and cheaply as possible, without having to further extend the production budget. If this means lowering the film's rating from an `R' to a `PG-13', reducing the script to a minimum level of intelligence and sophistication, and dumping leading actors and actresses then they'll do it for the bottom-line. Thankfully this is often only used as a last ditch effort by studios to make a little extra money on the side with a franchise they feel has the potential to make some money in the market but is not one that they feel they have to throw all their cards into to get it done properly. Unfortunately this is becoming more of a common oddity then in the past, which does not bode well for audiences.  The story once again follows Chili Palmer as he navigates his way through the world of organized crime, Hollywood movie moguls, and music industry competitors. Chili Palmer, once so enthusiastic and engaged with the then-budding film making business, has grown tired of making movies in Hollywood, in not maintaining the proper creative control of the product he had before. Now he wants to take the time to return to the music industry and after a music mogul friend is whacked during the middle of a lunch meeting to discuss a new script, he takes this opportunity to make a career change. Not only does he have to deal with his friend's widow wife now in charge of the independent record label and a young pop-star in training but also a music industry competitor desperately trying to get to her first, an Eminem-esque manager and his queer bodyguard with stars in his eyes, the Russian mafia, and gangster rappers with three-hundred thousand dollars owed to them by the record label. As they say, you never quite know who is attempting to kill you because in the music industry, it could be anyone. The genius of Get Shorty was the concept of the perfect stylized satire to the Hollywood film making business, which is in severe contrast to Be Cool, its long-delayed and vastly inferior sequel, that is truly nothing more then a trumped up gangster flick, not the classic kind, with the occasional medley for filler. One of the script's major flaws, and there were quite a few of them to choose from, was the lack of back-stories included with any of the film's supporting characters, most importantly that of Linda Moon. Any information that the audience receives about her, beyond the clich&eacute;d "dead father was a musician too" excuse, is minimal at best. There is no motivation, for either the audience to root for her or an understanding of the characters actions, in her attempting to make it within the music industry.  Here we have John Travlota in the same tried and true cool, collective character that has been so overdone, with fault falling largely on himself, in the course of the last decade or two which is quite difficult to watch such a sad state of affairs. Where is Quentin Tarantino when an old friend desperately needs him right now? Speaking of Tarantino, Uma Thurman went from Kill Bill to this? True, there are risks taken in the Hollywood business but does it necessarily have to be a suicidal one such as this? Not surprisingly, Vince Vaughn, along with The Rock, easily steal the show in the roles of Raji, Moon's white manager who talks and acts as if he were a black man ala Eminem, and Elliot Wilhelm, Raji's queer bodyguard with aspirations to become an actor, which is a real surprise for everyone in the audience (sarcasm intended). In spite of the fact that their characters and the jokes involving them get quite old by the time the credits begin rolling, the moments that do work are the saving grace of this picture from being an absolute waste of time and money. There can be no doubt in anyone's mind that Christina Milian is quite possibly a sweet girl and honestly has the true motivation to get involved in the motion picture industry as an actress, but history would prove otherwise. If past experience has taught us anything it is that singers should stick to what they do best, singing, while performers should remain with what they are best at, in particular cases this only has to be assumed and not true to fact, with no crisscrossing in between the two separate entities. Why did the screenwriters feel it was their prerogative to have James Woods' character killed off at the beginning of the movie? Did James actually read the script and secretly paid the writers to have him whacked off early enough in the feature that audiences would not recall him? For those who happen to be fans of the actor's respectable career in the movie industry this is an assumption that should be gladly accepted. And why is Danny DeVito features on the film's poster if he only has two, if not unnecessary or unexplained, appearances throughout the film's entire two hour time-length?  Moving on, let us get straight to the heart of the matter which is to discuss the rather insane amount of superfluous cameo appearances in this film. Anybody who is anybody, or perhaps more appropriately anyone who has the connections to spend a day shooting a quick scene in order to keep that limelight bulb flickering for a few years longer, makes an appearance in this disaster. Despite not speaking a single line of dialogue and appearing only briefly, quite possibly by accident, could Fred Durst's cameo have been timed more perfectly with the release of his sex tape? What a marketing genius! Beyond Steven Tyler, the rest of Aerosmith, most notably Joe Perry, cameo in this feature, and even when the material stinks and the dialogue given isn't worth the price of the paper it was written on, they are still the greatest rock band in the world. It would be stating the obvious to say that the Black Eyed Peas are a joke and can not sing worth a lick, but who would have thought that they were even worse when onscreen? Other appearances include Gene Simmons, Rhumba Bums, the Pussycat Dolls, Dub MDs, and Sergio Mendes. And who could forget, in case you missed her, Anna Nicole Smith's memorable kiss with Danny DeVito at the Lakers' game? Honestly, why is she even in this film to begin with? Does she not have a horrendous enough reputation that she need soil it further with a lousy film career, not involving the porn industry that is.  Overall, Be Cool itself may be the true reason as to why Chili Palmer is so vehement in his efforts to get out of the movie business. As he himself said in the film, it has become too commercialized, restrictive, controlling, lacking in proficiency ... the fact that this project got the go-ahead from studio executives proves that they either did not bother to read the script or failed to pick up the writers' hidden message. In any event, who needs satire or parodies when you have a film out there that is willing, intentionally or not, to make fun of itself at the expense of others? The question has to be asked as to how extensive of a production budget this feature had. Why? There's enough glaring product placement in this walking-talking train-wreck to make even Adam Sandler cry. It was once understandable for MGM Studios to do this sort of thing but did they not just get bought out by the Sony Corporation? The average movie-goer does not pay eight bucks per person, along with the ever escalating prices for popcorn and drinks, to have ten to twenty minutes worth of advertising thrown into their face only to have an entire feature film throw around corporate logos like they were out of style. Capitalism is a tremendous valuable endeavor but there comes a time when marketing tends to exceed its `natural' limits, and this may be one of those times where it has to be stopped. As was said before, Get Shorty was the pinnacle of Hollywood satires upon itself but those big-wig executives enacted their revenge with this monstrosity. Okay, perhaps it was not at the level of `Michael Moore'-esque conspiracy theories, but after witnessing such disasters as The Whole Ten Yards, Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights, and Exorcist: The Beginning you have to wonder why studios would intentionally ruin viable stand-alone films. Sadly, Hollywood is Hell-bent on riding the sequel wagon for all its worth and it is going to take a lot more then a few duds that cost them practically nothing, possibly even gaining a profit thanks to product placement, to deter them.
A story of a man or being of destiny who fights the titanic forces of darkness.
You are never too old to learn something new.  I was not aware there were DVD regions - this one was Region 2 - for Europe.  It would not run on either of my DVD players (a Sony and a Toshiba), but it did run using my computer.  Except for the region issue, everything else was great. I enjoyed the movie, the delivery came as promised, but I don't think I will be buying any more European DVDs.
it is obvious and clear to anyone that this isnt great film, however, it is great fun. the clash between martin and hartman is classic with comedy of all varieties gluing together their crazy antics. and even dan akroyd serves as a comedic relief within a comedy.  it is a great film for wanting to relax and enjoy some not to smart but not to stupid humor
This has to be the worst movie ever made. It was incredibly violent and led to many of today's gory movies. There is also a brief (but not graphic) scene of nudity, and plenty of profanity. If you like zombie movies get these instead.  White Zombie (1932) Revolt of the Zombies (1936) King of the Zombies (1941) Plan 9 from Outer Space (1958) Invisible Invaders (1959) The Last Man on Earth (1963) They Came from Beyond Space (1967) Shock Waves (1976)
If you can play PAL based masters then you are better off with the UK disc as this is a 50hz to 60hz conversion as it was shot at 25/50.
This film, a tender masterpiece, is an anomaly in Hollywood.  It's a mature, intelligent, thoughtful, real romantic film, and in the end, sad and heartbreaking, but not despairing.  Some have expressed surprise that Eastwood directed this film so well, but I'm not.  Eastwood is a great film artist, one of the greatest working today, and he shows his sensitivity and brilliance in this film.  This film reminds me of how surprised people were that David Lynch directed The Straight Story (a wonderful film in itself and one of the best of 1999).  It's the same principle.  Two artists, Lynch and Eastwood, are simply thwarting expectations and surprising their fans with a sincere, heartfelt movie.  They do it all the time.  This film is also very mature and intelligent.  It is not a chick flick where everything is wrapped up in dumb dialogue, dumb characters, and foolish situations.  It is an honest film of two middle aged people who bond almost immediately and really fall in love.  Eastwood and Streep (the Academy didn't nominate either of them) give wonderful performances, especially Streep.  She's also drop dead gorgeous as well.  The film unfolds at a beautiful, leisurely pace (like most Eastwood films).  The film also doesn't make any judgements on the lead characters.  Streep's character is married, but she's very unhappy and bored, like many people who have been in a long term marriage.  Eastwood's character is not a playboy, but someone who really reveals himself to Streep, something that's brave to do.  There's also a powerful scene in a diner where another woman, who was caught having an affair and the small town knows about it, walks into a diner and everyone starts looking down on her.  Except Eastwood's character, who offers her a seat next to his.  There is not one ounce of moralising here.  Clint shows people who are simply human, and it's beautiful.  The Bridges of Madison County is a story for adults, and considering it was made in 1995 (when idiotic teen comedies were polluting the multiplexes), it's even more of a treasure (I wished I had seen it then, the 90's was a rather poor decade overall for films, especially from Hollywood).  Hollywood should do more adult romances, and not silly, vapid chick flicks.  Chick flicks do more damage to romantics than realistic romance.  I prefer my romances to be more grounded in reality and intelligence because there's just as much beauty there, and it's much more fullfilling than any vapid chick flick can offer.  This is one of Eastwood's best, most unique films.
Geena Davis does a good job playing both personalities, and Sam "The Man" Jackson is great as Henessey, but the plot cliches take it down a couple notches.  Side note: Why does Amazon's review loathe the film, yet list it as "Essential Viewing"?
To correct some information below:  The Canadian Editions come in either a 1 disc edition or in a 3 disc special edition.  There is no 2 disc edition.  And yes, there are English subtitles, as well as French subtitles, the original French version, and a dubbed English version.  Only the commentaries are not subtitled or dubbed into English.  You get deleted scenes (including the missing two-thirds of the first fight scene) which run about 45 minutes if you include the introductions by the director, a making-of which is about 1 1/2 hours long, a history of the true story the movie is based upon, and other features. For some reason, not even the Canadian Amazon site seems to carry this, so I would recommend an e-mail campaign.  Why settle for the second-rate edition?
I'm not a fan of war films.  There is too much shooting for me in this and I wondered if Hemingway had a love affair with guns.  It's very long and some of the sets look really fake.  Sometimes I lost track of the characters.   However I had to give it five stars!  Why, after all these criticisms? One, for the theme.  Although these specific characters were fictional, they were based on real people who gave their lives fighting for their principles.  Not the least of these heroes and heroines was an American who gave up his academic career, as did a lot of others, to go to Spain to help the locals fight fascism.  This is a story worth telling.  Secondly, the cast is perfect!  It's said that Hemingway personally selected Cooper and Bergman and they are wonderful.  Gary Cooper was such a special man, his presence alone makes the film worth watching.  The young Ingrid Bergman adds her own luminous qualities to the character of Maria.  You can see why the American guy fell for her in spite of his resolve not to become personally involved.  They are magic together, in spite of the age difference and one quickly forgives the fact that she doesn't look at all like a Spanish peasant.  Who cares? The scene where they have their last night together could have been excessively, embarrasingly maudlin if played by lesser actors, but these two really pull it off.  Anyone who can sit through the scene where she is forced to leave Cooper without shedding at least a few tears must have no heart.  The Greek woman who plays the amazingly strong Pilar, is certainly memorable, too, as is the Russian who plays her loose cannon of a husband, Pedro.  It is a little dated and, as I said earlier, very long.  But it is worth sitting through (it took me two evenings) and you'll remember it for a long time. Bring Kleenex!
I thought Meryl Streep didn't do bad movies, and now another classy starlet betrays me. The movie is completely predictable and the laugh quotient is a low 2.5 chuckles per hour. The "dragon lady," Miranda Priestly, is not just impossible to work for, she's IMPOSSIBLE to work for. She requires her lowly, untrained, inexperienced assistant to perform miracles and menial chores every day, and we never see Miranda do anything extraordinary. Miranda mumbles her cryptic orders too fast even for a court stenographer to understand. We witness Andy, the naive, fashion-challenged new assistant, undergo a fashion and personality makeover, topping it off with an affair not to remember. We see the devastation of everyone's personal life, which isn't even good for dark humor. We hear an oddly earnest speech about the merits of a dysfunctional, destructive, and corrupt work ethic. And in the rarefied and cutthroat atmosphere of high fashion we see Andy regain her sense of humanity, not to save herself, but to protect her abuser's "delicate" feelings. Well, they had to contrive a happy ending somehow.
This movie is not funny.The scene when the people roll over the kid's head is not at all funny,just gross.
This is one of the coolest movies ever.i would recomend this to all ages
This has got to be one of the best movies ever! A bonus is that Mel directed and acted in this one! Own it while you can!
"House of Bamboo" is a loose remake of 1948's docudrama "The Street With No Name" written by Harry Kleiner. Director Samuel Fuller rewrote the screenplay and moved the action to occupied Japan in 1954. Fuller retained a bit of the police procedural style of "The Street With No Name" but uses the story to paint an unflattering picture of the American occupation of Japan, where the original film was virtual propaganda for Hoover's FBI. "House of Bamboo" tends to emphasize theme and give characters short shrift, while "The Street With No Name" included some solid character writing and a memorable performance by Richard Widmark as gangster Alec Stiles. Robert Ryan plays the bad guy in "House of Bamboo", and he was as great a character actor as Widmark. But you wouldn't know it from this film. Ryan isn't given much to do as crime boss Sandy Dawson. Co-incidentally, cinematographer Joe MacDonald shot both of the films. He shot "The Street With No Name" in low and high key black and white. "House of Bamboo" is widescreen and in color, filmed in the anamorphic 35mm format CinemaScope. Fuller and MacDonald make excellent use of the widescreen format, and the cinematography is the film's great strength.  When a gang of hoodlums robs a supply train carrying Japanese civilians and American military supplies across the Japanese countryside, the Criminal Investigation Division of the Military Police are called upon to investigate. Sergeant Keller (Robert Stack) goes undercover, posing as Eddie Spanier, old friend of a gangster killed on the job. His first order of business is to track down the dead man's anguished wife, Mariko (Shirley Yamaguchi), who knows nothing of her husband's work. Spanier's second order of business is to set himself up in the "protection" racket, where his attempts to extort money from pachinko parlors arouse the attention of the business' owner, an ex-G.I. named Sandy Dawson (Robert Ryan), who uses them as a front for his more sinister business dealing in stolen munitions. Dawson offers Spanier a position in his operation, and Mariko completes his cover by posing as Spanier's mistress, or "kimono girl".  The abundance of gorgeous cinematography in "House of Bamboo" makes it look expensive, but shooting in Japan actually allowed the film to be made fairly cheaply. Fuller's staging was influenced by Japanese cinema and Kabuki theater, which helps him cope with the widescreen format.  This was one of the first films made in Japan after the war, and the colorful scenes of bustling Japanese streets and everyday life must have seemed exotic and novel to American audiences. Those scenes are still captivating. This screenplay takes a dim view of American military personnel, who are portrayed as predatory and culturally insensitive at best, a massive corrupting force at worst. Samuel Fuller always did like to make strong statements. The film's sympathy is with Mariko, although her characterization is basically chauvinistic. I have to give Sam Fuller credit, though, for pulling off a film that constantly criticizes its protagonist. Eddie Spanier is an ugly American. He exploits Mariko's vulnerability and confusion to involve her in a dangerous operation that dishonors her. He's a jerk. And Robert Stack's performance turns wooden as his character becomes less obnoxious and more romantic. Yet "House of Bamboo" succeeds. It's a beautiful film, and the story is good enough to string us along, so we can enjoy the exquisite color and composition.  The DVD (Fox Home Video 2005): This appears to be a restored print. The color is generally very good. But some momentary color shifts occur at the beginning and end of some scenes, which I attribute to the transfer. There are a few short bonus features plus a nice audio commentary. "Fox Movietone News: Behind-the-Scenes Footage" (2 minutes) is silent footage of Shirley Yamaguchi signing autographs and the cast, Sam Fuller, and producer Buddy Adler receiving flowers on the set. "Landing in Japan" (1 minute) is silent footage of Fuller and cast deplaning in Japan, perhaps a Japanese newsreel. "Fox Noir" are trailers for 4 other films. There are 2 theatrical trailers for this film: an English (2 minutes) and Spanish-language version (1 minute). Film historians Alain Silver and James Ursini do an interesting non-stop audio commentary for the film. They talk a lot about Samuel Fuller and the film's style, as well as themes, shots, characters, staging, and story.  Subtitles for the film are available in English and Spanish. Dubbing is available in Spanish and French.
This installment of the Sherlock Holmes series involves Holmes' old nemesis, Professor Moriarty, who is trying help Germany locate secret superbomb sight being used by England.  The film has the usual twists and turns of a Holmes film.  As usual, Doctor Watson and Inspector Lestrade accompany Holmes on his quest to conquer the evil Moriarty.  Holmes also uses a variety of diguises to uncover clues and to get to where he needs to be.  Again, Holmes and company are victorious.  A good and entertaining film.  Recommended.
very good adaptation of the shakesperian play. Fiennes and Butler are absolutely amazing. A must see and a dvd to have in your library.
I received the "Behind the Seams Edition" of "Mrs. Doubtfire" today and do not regret my purchase.  This version is widescreen with a nice range of additional features such as deleted scenes and short films on the production.  This film is unforgettable because of Robin Williams. He is a passionate actor and when the role exhibits his comedic talent with no limitation, the character becomes intriguing and genuine.  Mrs. Doubtfire is not a "mask" for the main character, Daniel Hillard, to use so that he could be with his kids when he becomes divorced and loses custody.  Mrs. Doubtfire becomes a unique individual who leaves a lasting positive impact with everyone who meets and interacts with her.  She transforms the lives of Miranda, the mother, and the children.  This all is possible due to the comedic talent of Robin Williams.  I will always want to watch this movie, which is why I bought it finally.
Fans of embarrassingly awful sci-fi movies won't be disappointed with this gobbler, which consists largely of technicians staring at consoles that look like they were assembled from surplus appliance parts and saying cryptic pre-computer-age things like "Connect circuit A-17"... "Roger, circuit A-17 is connected."  To make it even more excruciatingly bad---which, of course, is good---this movie was apparently filmed in Italian (or was it French? or both?) and released on DVD with dubbed English. This makes it easy to imagine you've turned down the volume and have invited friends over to improvise the most unlikely dialogue you can imagine. (This, by the way, is a fun game even with movies that aren't dubbed.)  Don't buy this single-feature DVD, though. Instead, get "Classics From Outer Space," a 3-DVD set that includes "The Day The Sky Exploded" plus 9 (!) other wonderfully bad vintage sci-fi features, all for about the same price.
Of all of the classic 70s slashers films, the original HHE has always been one of my favorites, chiefly because of the question it poses: at what point do you slide from civilization to savagery when presented with brutal tragedy and survival? Here, that tragedy is the brutal slaying of three siblings' family at the hands of desert-dwelling cannibals in the middle of an old nuclear test site. Yes, that old chestnut. When I heard that Alexandre Aja was going to redo the film, I had high hopes - this despite the fact that he shot himself in the foot with the supremely nonsensical third act of High Tension. That aside, the break-in and murders in that film were truly horrifying in their frankness, and Aja outdoes them here. Unlike other slasher films where stupid teens are picked off one by one, I watched, stunned, during this version's massacre scene. Along with scenes from HENRY: PORTRAIT OF A SERIAL KILLER, REQUIEM FOR A DREAM and the motel room sequence in THE DEVIL'S REJECTS, this is what real horror should feel like - feeling the other characters' horror and more importantly, the unbelievable tragedy of a moment as it unfolds before you. The rest of the movie is no less brutal, but much more familiar stalker/revenge territory, and nowhere near as powerful as that one sequence. Improvement over the original - rather than spend a lot of time in the mines, we get to see the decrepit village at the nuclear testing site, which offers some creepy moments, although very reminiscent of CHAINSAW (no surprise there). Only major complaint: some truly horrible music destroys the ending, turning what should have been unsettling and contemplative into something cheesy, triumphant and forced. 4.5/5.
Yes, just about everybody who talks about the movie centers on Ben Kingsley's performance, and deservedly so.  But I rate the film very highly independent of Kingsley, and something different that I liked about his performance.   First, the entire story.  A retired gangster is trying to enjoy the good life.  The movie shows him as fat and lackadasical, but he wants it that way.  He feels he's earned his retirement, and this is exactly what he wants to do.  Nobody's going to pull him out of retirement for "one last job", which is why the big boys in London send the Kingsley character to do it.   Kingsley's character is not even going to let you condsider thinking about refusing him.  He comes on as an extreme hard-ass from the first moment he's on screen, and never lets go.  If he says he's going to kill you for an insignificant offense, you don't doubt him for a minute.   But what makes Kingsley's performance so special is that you realize how insecure the character is, and Kingsley lets this show.  A real pro could have instilled just as much fear in his prey in a much more subtle manner.  He's probably not got a long career as a criminal because he attracts too much attention to himself in public, a no-no in the mob.  As he's essentially a stupid, insecure, and even frightened character, his tactic is to blitzkrieg your senses before you have a chance to react.  He's not a great criminal, but a memorable one, and that's what I really like about it.   The surrounding story tries to get a bit artsy, and works more than it doesn't.  The Ray Winstone character, even though he's retire, is plagued by his own demons.  You even get to see the demon, portrayed as kind of a werewolf, and it sticks with him throughout the movie.  The job he is called upon to do is shot very stylishly, but I would think the location they are trying to hit would have security devices that would have detected what they were trying to do.  And Ian McShane's performance as the boss who sends Kingsley to fetch Winstone is a perfect portrayal of cold, calculated evil.  It's how the Kingsley character SHOULD act, but not nearly as much fun to watch.   See it.
I'm honestly stunned at how bad this film actually was.  With a cast that has this much talent, I at least expected to be entertained.  The problems are significant and abundant.  You can start with the film itself.  In order to understand just how totally this movie misses you have to appreciate the original.  The original film's idea was to try and look at man's fear of the feminist movement and a woman's changing place in society as their independence grew.  This was the theme that the entire film was built around.  Simply put, times are different today.  That's not to say that sexism doesn't exist, but the rapid-fire change and unrest that was present in late-sixties and seventies society just isn't present today.  To strip that theme of female empowerment away in the remake, leaves the film with no substance.  It's completely toothless and has nothing to say.  On top of that, for whatever reason, Oz decided to remake this as a comedy and, frankly, it's just not funny.  Nor is it well acted, the normally talented director couldn't seem to mine anything out of his cast.  You could have pointed to the poor script as being a big part of the problem, but with Nicole Kidman and Glenn Close in the cast, you expect more.  There's nothing here that's even remotely entertaining or worth anyone's time.  Skip it completely and rewatch the original.
Consistent with so many Bogie roles, Humphrey Bogart plays a prison escapee, who along with his brother and a strongarm (small brain) take a suburban family hostage in their home. While this may sound very similiar to many of Bogart's earlier roles, there is alot to say for this film. Bogart is surrounded by a very good cast and was handed an excellent script (although there are a few questions that pop in your head as you watch the movie). Bogart does well portraying a man whose over-confidence and absolute reluctance towards going back to prison muddles his descisions and clouds his judgement. The DVD is simple. Good quality picture and adequate sound. The extras are..well....not much extra at all. But the movie collector and Bogart fan must grab this DVD for your collection. Good quality DVD, great story, and a very reasonable price
...Explained it all, I have been hooked to Melissa Joan Hart.  I think she is talented and deserves what credit is due to her.  I really hope to see her in much more.  This movie was cute, cliche in some places.  Well, it  was basically, She's all That, Can't buy Me Love, Whatever it Takes..all  any and very Teen movie that is coming out or is out.  but that is ok.  It  is intersting  to see how many times Hollywood can tell the same story.  Really good movie.  And Sabrina swears?  Hee Hee, I wanted her to  say the "F" word!
Regular DVD in upscale player is better than Blu-ray.  For some reason there are a significant amount of artifacts to the point of a distracting line in mid-screen.  If you haven't trashed your regular/upscale DVD player, then buy the regular DVD and save some money.  Don't get me wrong, the movie itself is fantastic...just the quality of its current Blu-ray version is sub-par.  I'd return it, if I could.
They did an awesome job restoring this film! It's so good it's even better than some blurays today! Love the movie an absolute classic done the right way!
The movie is Howard Hawks' and John Wayne's follow up to Red River and when taken together must be considered the Best of the genre.  In my opinion this edition is too dark. The original while not of perfect quality is brighter and very enjoyable.
A great review of their 13th championship.  NFL films amost always does a great job.  I got goose bumps watching it.
Actually, I give the movie 5-stars and the DVD 2-stars.  So actually that would average out to 3.5 stars.  Since I love the movie itself, I was generous and rounded up to 4 stars.   While I am a great, great fan of Grease (I must have seen it at least 20 times during the summer of '78), I must say that the DVD release of this wonderful film is somewhat disappointing.  The fact of having Grease now on DVD is terrific, but for the length of time us fans have been waiting for it, you would have figured we would get a DVD packed with extra features, not just a watered-down interview from VH-1 and a theatrical trailer.  Like George from 2 posts ago mentioned, there could have been deleted scenes, outtakes, commentaries - all pretty standard DVD fare.  At the very least there could have been a cast bio page so we could all at least know what all our favorite Greast cast members have done since then.  With the lean-ness of this DVD, Paramount could have released both the Widescreen and Fullscreen versions of the movie on the same disc rather than 2 separate ones.  It looks like they just put together these DVDs because of fan pressure to release them and didn't put much effort into them.  Heck, I have some old Clint Eastwood westerns like Hang 'Em High and A Fistful of Dollars that have more content on them than Grease does.  And they've been out for a while and only cost me $9.99.  One other note, I don't really care for the cardboard case that the DVD comes in, rather would have preferred the plastic keeper case that most DVDs come in. I guess I shouldn't get my hopes up too much for Saturday Night Fever - due out next week and also from Paramount - to be much better.  Maybe Paramount will go the way many others do and re-release it as a 2-disc set in a couple of years.  But I wouldn't hold my breath for that, judging by how long it took for the first release.  Way to go Paramount.
I have been a total fan of all of the Halloween series for many years now, collecting the set on VHS, before the advent of DVD and now have the set also on DVD.  Because of this, I'm very familiar with the plot lines and although I have my favourites (I won't mention them here, after all, we all have different tastes right?) I would have to say that all movies in the series have their own particular merits.  I and II in the series are special (in particular I) and I quite like the III episode in many ways.  In addition, the following IV, V and VI episodes are interesting, along with the latest H2O feature.  All are good and (sometimes) bad in various places, but we love them just the same. However, I have to say that I cannot find ANYTHING good to say about Halloween Resurrection.  It is so bad that it is embarassing!  I am in the UK where it had only a nominal cinema release (which I didn't get to see) and also no formal DVD release.  Upon getting hold of a region 1 copy I was all ready and excited to live the next chapter in the Halloween series.  All the thoughts were going through my head....how can they continue when Michael was killed in H2O...is Laurie Strodes life back on track again now.....etc.  What did I get?  I pressed play and waited..... What occurred over the next 90 or so minutes was probably one of the worst and least frightening horror movies I have ever seen in my life.  It is so poor that it made me cringe at various points in the film.  I understand that the people behind the scenes wanted to bring Michael Myers into the 21st century, but this made the movie lose all of the charm and atmosphere that made the original so creepy and spooky.   People are saying that you have to be a REAL fan of the Halloween series to enjoy this one...I would say that it is the COMPLETE OPPOSITE!  Real fans of the series would realise immediately that this is a poorly scripted, storyless, badly acted piece. I think that to enjoy the movie in any way you would need to have no particular fondness of the original series whatsoever.
This is one of the best films I've seen in 1999. The story is about a professional hit-man (kong) who became deaf and dumb when he was bullied as a child. He then grows up to believe that no one cares about him, so why should he care about anyone else. For me his deaf and dumbness adds tension to the story because his emotions are portrayed with actions rather than words. As a teenager he meets Jo and Aom and gets involved as a hit man in Bangkok. Assassinating his victims with no remorse or feeling.  Then one day he meets a girl from the local pharmacy. This is when he starts to realise that there are people who care.  There are other subplots to this film, but if I say anymore I'd give the plot away.  Along with a fantastic Hardhouse soundtrack during the action scenes mixing in very well with a more classical theme during the moral parts of the story. The action can be very realistic and very cold at times. There is a rather disturbing gang rape scene. It's not graphic in detail, but will make you really think about the horror of it all. It's also an important turning point in the film.  If you have ever lived or worked in Thailand you will like this film even more as it touches upon certain moral values placed upon modern day Thai society. For those who have never been to Thailand, just sit back and enjoy a well directed, well written film.  The direction (by the Pang Brothers) is superb. I'm sure we will all hear about these guys in the future. The film was made on a very low budget, but despite this special effects are good and are detrimental to the film and in no way over-the-top like the Hollywood rubbish we all have to suffer.  Don't be put off by the fact it is in Thai. As the main character cannot speak anyway, the emotions are universal. The movie is subtitled very well in English also. Looking forward to a DVD release.
If you buy this only for the "Rhapsody Rabbit" cartoon, the purchase is worthwhile.  This setting for "Hungarian Rhapsody" by Liszt is extremely clever.  I always lose it when Bugs begins gets off the piano bench to pray when the sheet music shows difficult notes ahead.  My kids love it -- and so do I!
This is the best of the Craig Ferguson's films, Saving Grace is a close second, and The Big Tease, is a third favorite.  He is a middle age rock star on the edge of losing complete control, his "saving grace" that pulls him back from the edge is to find out his has an unknown child, a teenage daughter.  The whole movie is funny and touches us in lots of ways. A great movie and worth your money.
Sent this to Europe and package arrived pretty quickly.  These shows were a favorite some years ago and I was thrilled to find them available through Amazon.  Simple process that went smoothly.  Thanks.
This is a must for the Julie Andrews fan.  Watching Julie in concert, singing some of her most favorite songs, is truly 60 minutes of true entertainment.  Julie really gives it her all in this concert.  She talks to the audience a bit about her upbringing and experience in the English music halls at the end of that era.  She is very warm and humble in her presentation. Her choice of songs is delectable and her singing is pure and clear as a silver bell. Now that this wonderful voice can no longer sing in the manner we have all admired, a true Julie fan better scoop this up while they can.  We will not hear Julie sing like this ever again- sadly so.
To sum it all up, this movie is absolutley fabulous!
I was motivated to review thus primarily to give props to Barbara Hershey, whose character seems to be underappreciated in other reviews. I think that she most certainly is an important part of the plot. Yes, Dennis Hopper is good, but he doesn't even have all that much screen time.  I think that this film was very tastefully made, with a good, somewhat appropriately stylized approach to the subject matter. I wouldn't call this the greatest sports movie of all time, but it's up there. It captures the spirit.
Excellent DVD!  A must for any Phillies fan.  It was great going through all the up and down years (includes the 2008 WS).  I even learned some thing about the early years that I was not aware of.
If you have read "The Club Dumas" by Arturo Perez-Reverte and have seen this film, The Ninth Gate, like me, you are probably wondering why Polanski made so many changes to it.  The book itself is a lot more complicated than the film, not only are there more characters involved but also has a better storyline. Even though many changes were made to this film, Depp still did an awesome job at portraying Lucas Corso and the storyline was not that bad. I, however, recommend that all you folks out there read the book first, that way you will enjoy this film more.
Chan films are still very entertaining, and their dvd release capitalises on this by decent restorations and nice artwork and packaging. The films in this third collection are uneven but interestingly diverse. My fave is The Black Camel, a more serious Chan film highlighted by some truly beautiful location photography of Hawaii. I must agree with a previous reviewer, however, that you do get a lot of flimsy cardboard and plastic for your money: discs housed in digipacks (rather than the usual junky plastic cases) and a sturdier box would have resulted in a far better package. Although the extra featurettes are a decent attempt to contextualise the movies, they also suffer from a very dull visual sense (lots of talking heads saying little) and a generalised, almost anti-intellectual approach - a more thorough examination of the era and the notion of "Orientalism", and the implications of a Swedish actor portraying a Chinese man, could have given the Chan films legitimate historical significance. As it is, you'll probably watch the featurettes once and forget them. At least we have Warner Oland's immensely charming portrayal of Chan to watch again and again.
i never knew how funny monty python was until i bought this megaset  this set  is a must have for any monty python fan. when i need a good laugh this monty python set is what does it for me trust  me when i say it is worth the money . the picture and sound quality is perfect there is nothing wrong with this megaset or should i say  mega funny dvd set you won't be let down.
This film is good, not great. Get me wrong I DID like this film but's just not as good as El Maricahi or Desparado. Johnny Depp is definatly the best thing about this one!!!Antonio Banderas is also good in his reprising role. It's got a great supportin  cast(Including Cheech Marin,Mickey Rourke,and Willen Dafoe),but what really disappointed me was that Selma Hayek was in it very too briefly!!! But it's got oodles of action!!! It reminds me a lot the Godfather Trilogy were 1 and 2 are masterpieces and 3 is not!!! It just seemed totally different than the other two!!!But overall an O.K. movie!!! 3 stars for this one!!!
There will never be anything like Nighty Night!!  If you like dark comedy, you'll love this.
You can't call a series complete when the episodes are cut down and edited. Thanks NBC and Lionsgate for your lackluster reward for eight years of my allegiance.
I have been watching The Tudors and decided to take a little side trip and watch The Other Boleyn Girl (Natalie Portman, Scarlett Johansson, Eric Bana) to get a feel for more of the Boleyn story.  Well, now I am completely confused.  Though both stories are dealing within the same period and the same basic characters, the two adaptations could not be any more different.  Now I understand poetic license, but when facts are toyed with, it leaves the watcher quite befuddled.  For instance, Mary Boleyn is referred to as the older sister in The Tudors and the younger sister in The Other Boleyn Girl, so off to Google to find out.  According to The House of Tudor, Mary is the older sister.  OK, The Tudors got this one right.  The Other Boleyn Girl tell of an illegitimate child that Mary bore during her time with Henry the VIII, The Tudor's doesn't comment on this.  This time to Wiki.  Apparently, Mary bore two children, but then again who is counting.  So I will give that one to The Other Boleyn Girl.  Now the most curious part, the end of The Other Boleyn Girl shows Mary taking the young Elizabeth and leaving Court to raise the child.  Really, does anyone think that was possible?  I thought Governess cared for her, but then people do like a happily ever after ending when dealing with royalty.  The more I look into the Tudor history, the more confused I get.  I understand that movie making is supposed to be fantasy, but how hard would it be to research what is "known" and go from there instead of making it up as you go.  Now back to the actual movie.  Overall, it is quite a stunning spectacle.  The costuming and staging are beautiful.  The casting is reasonable, though Henry should have been shorter and rounder, but then again who would want to see that.  I have also seen in some reviews that the sex scenes in The Other Boleyn Girl shocked people.  Well, if you are offended by that, which there really was not much shown, it is a PG-13 after all; I suggest that you completely bypass The Tudors.  That one will make you blush.  Unless you know some of the prior history of the time, you would have been lost in this movie.  The timing is a bit choppy, sort of like a Cliff Notes version of a small part of the Tudor Period.  If you are not looking for a history lesson you might like this movie, but just be warned that it is an adaptation of Philippa Gregory's historical fiction novel and not necessarily a work of fact.
My entire family adored this charming tragicomedy about life in Italy just before and during World War II.  Director and star Roberto Benigni has created a fairy tale with an edge.  An irrepressible Jewish waiter falls in love with a socialite, winning her away from her Fascist fiance with a mix of humor, coincidence, opportunism and whimsy.  They have a son and find themselves in the midst of a Jewish pogrom that transports them to an unnamed concentration camp.  Father "Guido" uses the same skill set that he used to win his wife to protect his four-year old son from the brutality that surrounds him, convincing him that the camp is an elaborate holiday and game in which the winner will receive a new tank.  Benigni's performance (which won a Best Actor Academy Award--rare for a foreign language film) is a masterwork--manic, touching, hilarious and affecting in about every possible way.  The scene where he translates a German soldier's camp instructions for the benefit of his son is priceless ("No lollipops!  Don't even think about asking!") His wife Dora is beautiful and bemused in the first act and exists more symbolically, but still powerfully in the second.  The very young actor who plays son Joshua is amazing--portraying the wide-eyed enthusiasm of his father combined with a mistrustful wisdom well beyond his years.  Like the recent French film "Amelie", "Beatiful" has a whimsical soul.  The concentration camp sometimes seems a little too smooth, a feature that Spielberg films on serious subjects are sometimes accused of.  Still, the Germans were known for the their organization and order, and the story doesn't really need grisly depictions of much of what went on during the Holocaust to make its point.  The production design also fits with the fairy tale feeling of the tale.  My wife doesn't much care for foreign films, but said she felt like she'd learned some Italian watching this one.  My daughter doesn't like foreign films or period movies.  Both loved "Life is Beautiful."  You will too.
Felicity was a wonderful movie for my 8-year old daughter.  The scenery was beautiful and the characters were very much like the American Girl books written.  My daughter also thought the characters were very polite and kind, something you do not see too often in movies today.
I LOVE Johnny Depp.  This movie is so much fun and Depp is great, as always.
Love Sacha Baron Cohan and this amazing character he has created.  He is a fully realized person, and seems like a real man and not a character! So much of the movie is about really paying attention and catching subtle nuances.  So many Americanisms he points out are hilarious, I wish there could be a Borat 2.
"Meet the Parents" tells the story of Greg (Ben Stiller), a male nurse who wants to marry Pam, the girl of his dreams.  But in order to do that he must meet her parents.  Robert De Niro plays Pam's father, Jack, who is not in all impressed with Greg.  Jack is a case in himself from potty-training his cat to having a "Nannycam" to watch over the house.  And as if by magic, Greg and Pam arrive the same weekend that the family is making plans for the wedding of Pam's sister, Debbie.  The weekend gets off to a bad start with some unfortunate accidents, snooping, and Pam's ex-fiance being Debbie's best man.  One incident after another is all Greg needs when he knows that this visit will determine the rest of his life.  How will this tragic weekend end?  See for yourself and pick up a copy of "Meet the Parents" today!
From, a technical view point, this DVD has got a room for improvement, contextually - OK: singing is real and emotions are natural.  Good in-site of show-industry without a high technology make-up.
Leslie Sansone's walk DVD's helped me to love to exercise and slim down. These four miles are fast, but you can still tailor them to your own needs. I like that.
I was looking foward to seeing this because the Lady and The Tramp and Little Mermaid sequals were not that bad. This one is poor the anamation is flat the story is bad and I dont think a child would watch this for more then 10 minutes. I regert buying this and hope the HunchBack seqaul next month is better or disney may not sell me the upcoming tarzan and 101 dalmations seqeuls that are coming out soon.The bonus feaures are lousy too a 6 minute music featurette, a four minute brooke allsion music video and a enchanted castle tabletop game which is the only the thing that elvates this dvd to 2 stars. Rent this first I am not hard to please with movies but I feel jeeped here so rent and then decide if it is something you want to own.
Years ago while attending a Defense Management College course, the Bradley M1 vehicle was one of the case studies used to illustrate the pitfalls of bad program management.  This movie depicts that case study in a very funny, but truthfully sad way.  I highly recommend it for anyone that has experience with military procurement... either from the government side or the contractor side.
Steven Soderbergh is on a roll. Last year he awed the movie industry with his double-whammy of ERIN BROCKOVICH and TRAFFIC, becoming one of only a slight few directors to ever be nominated Best Director for two different films in the same year. Now, Soderbergh strikes again with OCEAN'S ELEVEN.OCEAN'S ELEVEN is a classic heist movie, but updated with a post-modern sensibility. The story is simple, Danny Ocean (George Clooney) is released from jail and immediately sets into motion a plan to rob three Las Vegas casinos. He meets up with an old pal and confidante (Brad Pitt) and the two form an ensemble team to pull off the heist. Ocean has personal reasons for this particular job, mainly to get his ex-wife (Julia Roberts) back from the malicious casino owner (Andy Garcia) who stole her.Clooney and Pitt have the bulk of the dialogue, but the ensemble cast also includes such stalwarts as Matt Damon, Elliot Gould, Carl Reiner, and Don Cheadle. Each performer brings just the right nuances to their roles, and though most of these actors are stars by their own right, none break the unity of the ensemble cast and steal the show.OCEAN'S ELEVEN is engaging (I only looked at my watch once) and seems to be a better movie than the Rat Pack version from which it originated. In fact, the film seems more like THE STING or THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR than the original OCEAN'S ELEVEN.Though the plot is perdictable; you know almost from the start that Ocean is going to succeed in his scam; knowing that doesn't really take anything away from the movie. However, the suspense leading up to the heist could have been built up a little more. Also, there were a few elements that could have added to the actual suspense of the heist itself (the grease man gets his hand smashed in a door-that could have been used a little more e.g.).Overall OCEAN'S ELEVEN is an entertaining movie that is sure to bring Soderbergh and Clooney (one of the film's producers) more kudos and perhaps bring about more movies with all-star casts that don't cost much to make (the film was made for a relatively low $30 million). It's a nice piece of stimulating movie mind candy.
Fans of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant are probably more enamored of this movie than I am, but if you like lightweight comedies and romantic conflicts, then TWO WEEKS NOTICE isn't all that bad.  Reminiscent of the Doris Day/Rock Hudson comedies of the sixties, this movie brings us Bullock as a legal aid lawyer who has been raised to stand up for causes she believes in, even if it means getting arrested in doing so.  Her latest foe is a corporation run by none other than Mr. Grant, who plans on tearing down the beloved community center on Coney Island.  Grant strikes up a deal that he'll spare the building if she comes to work for him.  Despite the protests of her parents, including Robert Klein as her feisty dad, she accepts and finds herself helping Grant pick out his clothes, ties, colognes and other personal duties.  After a while, she decides to give her two weeks notice and trains her replacement, a wispy young redhead named June Carver (Alicia Witt), who makes a play for the handsome womanizer.  From there, it's just a matter of time till the ill-matched pair realize they'e in love and one can certainly guess where the movie ends up.  Bullock and Grant are in good form, with Grant getting all the good lines, and the film uses contemporary pop songs effectively, letting the music mirror the particular scene.  If you like this kind of lightweight comedy, you'll probably like TWO WEEKS NOTICE.
The movie is just OK - definitely a kids movie, but people who just love horses will enjoy watching this beautiful horse.
Everything the previous 2 reviewers say about this film is true.  It's one of the most powerful anti-war films ever made.  I saw it in the 1970's when it was released theatrically.  I have vivid memories of it today.  There's no question I was deeply moved and the intense images were burned into my psyche.  But, be warned.  I also remember it being the single most depressing film I've ever seen.  In fact, that's my strongest memory of this challenging work.  Now don't get me wrong, I enjoy great dramas, even the unhappy ones.  But this story is filled with such utter despair and hopelessness that it sent me into a profound state of depression.  So, if you have a difficult time with exceedingly sad content, you should probably steer clear of this film.
Now this movie isnt as good as Kings Classic film but still very very good. I wasnt sure what to expect when I saw this movie in the video store. I got it and man this is great. Made in 92' Its about a boy and his dad that pack there things up and move away after there mom was killed in a bad accident. Jeff "Edward Furlong" has trouble making friends at his new school and just wants to go home. But his friend Drew told him about the Pet Sematary the place where the dead come back to life. They bury Drews dog up there but the dog dosnt come back the came and neither does anything else you put up there. Check this movie out and find out what else happens in this great horror movie. Pick it up at amazon.
I was having trouble finding this in stores so I ordered it from Amazon. It came on time and in good condition. If you enjoyed watching the cartoons back in the day you will love this!! I am greatly enjoying it and cant wait to order season 2!!!
Even though I have seen this movie hundreds of times, my family makes this a holiday tradition every year. It is a great movie to bring in the season as you and your family sit and watch it together. Your children will learn the power of friendship and your family as a whole will be inspired to stay strong and support one another. Denzel Washington is awesome as the angel who helps repair a strained relationship between Whitney Houston and Courtney Vance's characters. Gregory Hines' character is a business man who has developed a hard heart as a result of disappointments and success but he is also "touched by the angel." This year I'm sure I will watch it with tears in my eyes as it will be the first year that I watch it after Whitney's death. The soundtrack is wonderful and is a wonderful accent to movie. After the movie, we always play the soundtrack and feel the holiday spirit.
I am so happy with this dvd. It arrived in good time, packageing was appropriate and the film quality great
In a world where loyalties are easily abandoned and allegiances can be bought , a new and deadliner terrorsit threat has emerged - Free agent killer ! Featuring * High Octane* and exhilirating car chases that are nothing short of sensational is real deal in action fireworks directed by  * a master og intelligent thrillers * . The coold War might be over , but a new world order keeps a group og covert mercenaries employed by the higgest didder . These Operative known as  *RONIN* , Are essembled in France by a mysterious client for a seemingly routine mission: Steal a top-secret briefcase . But the simple task soon proves explosive as other underworld organazation vie for the same  price ... and get the job done , the members of RONIN must ddo something they've never done before - trust each other . Many Special features . High Quality transfer . Recommended .
Great series-a comedy that actually made me laugh.  Silly, yes, but so is most of the stuff that tries to pass for comedy these days.
This is the sequel to the original release back in 1984, This time D is out to save a young woman kidnapped by the vampire meir link. The animation is as good as anything I have ever seen in anime. It ranks up there with Ghost In The Shell or anything else of this caliber. The music this time around is astoundingly good, it really made the movie and the plot is also very interesting. D is drawn to look very sharp in this movie, the detail in his face is exceptional, very smooth and fluid. Most anime is drawn to give good facial expression to bring across emotion, but D is about the best I have ever seen (this time around). For any anime fan, this is an absolute must have for your collection.
How far would you be willing to go for your loved one(s)? It's always odd to see couples who fight about going to the movies or not wanting to visit your in-laws(which I won't argue with), here's a film where you're literally willing to go to Hell and back for the one you love. It's the very idea of true love that's for once on screen and the hope of what happens when death literally does you part.  Chris meets Annie one day and the 2 become inseperable and get married. Years later they have 2 kids, which unfortunately are taken away from them in one day. Years later, celebrating an anniversary, Chris is also taken away. In the afterlife, he experiences everything spectacular your eyes can see, except one problem: due to grief and her suicide, Annie has to go to Hell. So Chris decides to go to Hell and bring her back.  Beating Mighty Joe Young and Armageddon in the Visual Effects Oscar race, the film definately looks beautiful and colorful, especially in the afterlife where it resembles freshly painted canvas. For me personally where it gets lost is when we go to Hell when there's several funky shots that look a bit too CG but for the most part it's a very lush looking film.  Acting wise it's very solid with Robin Williams finally showing he can be charming and likable without being manic and hyperactive(Robots, Aladdin anyone?) and Annabella Sciorra is great as the doomed wife. Oddly enough they don't have much chemistry which is odd, both are good performances but not enough chemistry. Everybody else is great including Cuba Gooding Jr as a kind of afterlife helper.  It's the kind of film where it's depressing and hopeful at the same time. The idea of killing off an entire family and one of them goes to Hell is quite sad but everything else gives us hope about where we'll end up when we "shuffle off this mortal coil". It's a rare film where there's enough religious and spiritual imagery and concepts without being kind of "doesn't our way of life rule" which I always hated about those kind of films. You can be thought provoking without being evangelists in disguise.  It's a leisurely paced film and its not very action-y but it gets to us through imagery and thought which is just fine with me.
I love Morris Chestnut and Gabrielle Union, but this movie was not what I expected. It wasn't bad, it was just mediocre. I have watched it a couple of times, but I think it was just to keep the Christmas spirit flowing and it was good to watch something festive during the holiday season. Please see it for yourself. You may think differently.
I thought this movie was really cute.  I had first seen it when a friend and I rented it on a whim,  I really enjoyed it.
Our whole family loves this movie. We have 3 sons ages 2,5 & 7 & they love it!
This collection is a must have for any true Matrix fans.  I am so pleased with all the bonus features that come with the 10 disc set, well worth the price.  If you are a true fan of the Matrix series, buy this collection.  What are you waiting for?
Though this would have made a fine entry as an expanded TV ep, as a movie it feels somewhat flat (and puzzlingly so).  Sound and visuals on the DVD are crisp and detailed.  Oddly enough, there is a fight scene on the 'behind the scenes' disc involving Data in combat with the Ba'ku that was deleted - odd, because it's actually fairly good and would have probably improved the film on the whole.  Definitely not a bad film just underwhelming.  Also nice to see that F. Murray Abraham is still working since Amadeus and Last Action Hero.
This DVD had it all.  Good plot, good acting, and good action sequences although at times the Army guys didn't look like they were shooting at the target.  The Coup de Grace for this flick was Melissa Brasselle who not only provided good acting but was PHAT--PRETTY HOT AND TEMPTING.
.... and he didn't fail me in this movie.  There is something very special about him and his movies are worth seeking out and watching.  This reminds me of the later Bourne movies, strange stuff that we are beginning to accept as "normal" in the world of big business and world intrigue.  I think Skeet often is ahead of his time and his movies need a re-release to pick up on his star ability.  I recommend the movie, though it may be hard to find, I gather it is no longer being produced for sale.  I bought my DVD second-hand, I'm glad I did.  It will become part of my library devoted to Skeet Ulrich.  There aren't many stars I now follow.  I wish there were more films with Skeet, my library would be a lot bigger.
Contains the original screenplay as well as a lot of other really interesting memorabilia. Good sound and picture quality too.
If you want to jump on this enormous bandwagon and pretend to be tasteful and arty, then you of course have the freedom to go see this movie and post a praise here.  But not me. Propelled by all the good reviews here and there I went to see this movie, but came out extremely disappointed, bored, and physically "dazzled". The movie employed dark lighting and handhold camera shot to make an overall impression of gloomy and shaky "mental world" (is there a better techinque less cliche to represent mind?). And people think this movie is "innovative" ?! It gave that up right there and then, and makes me feel nauseous hours after walking out of the theatre.  The plot (if there's any) is simple but extremely boring, shortly into the movie you got the message that love is in the persuit itself but not in the end result. Yet the movie went on forever and all you could get further is the repetition of "Oh I love you, oh you're gone.. awww" 1000 times (plus more shaking images, blackouts, erratic lighting, and your dizziness caused by it). I love Carrey and Dunst, but I don't give a dime to this movie, and I refuse to praise The Emperor's New Suit. If you could sense the Emperor is actually naked but don't want to stand up and be labelled "odd ball", then simply quietly shun away from it as far as you can. Nausea is not a good feeling. In the dictionary: "Arty - adjective, showily or pretentiously artistic"
Is it humanly possible to make a movie any more retarded than this? I think not. It's not funny, just awkward and painful. I couldn't even finish it, it was so bad. Obviously, the writers never learned the difference between funny and stupid...  Robin Williams is such a great actor, why does he agree to star in garbage like this?  So NOT recommended.
This movie was a gift to my sister in law for x mass she seen the movie years ago and she wanted to watch it again.... OMG she was just thrilled that she had it in hand now to watch whenever she wants....Thank You & Happy New Year to all....
Absolutely wonderful...not only for young children but for their worn-out parents as well!  I bought this video for my son's 3rd Easter and was marvelously surprised at how good it was.  My little boy loved it so much, he wore out the tape within 3 weeks.  Anyone who thinks Beatrix Potter's classic story is too old-fashioned to captivate a child of the new millenium, they couldn't be more wrong.  With the combination of live video scenes of "Beatrix Potter" writing letters and conversing with her animal friends interspersed with beautifully rendered still and animated illustrations from the book, it's a treasure.  Gotta buy another one and all the rest as soon as I can.
Yes, I was shocked to see great actors in a film that to my licking was not worth watching, but that I did, I never saw the ending found the movie to dull. That is only my opinion, so try it and write your own Commentare!
I have always loved this movie.  Saw it when I was young and watched it all the time (thanks to a TV taped copy) on rainy days.  My review, then, is for the packaging and special features and whatnot.  As for the packaging, it's kinda plain.  Nothing really stands out, just a disk and a scene guide.  This does balance, though, with the deleted scenes and other features.  Overall I'm happy but not blown away, thus the 4 stars.
Brought feelings back from playing high school football myself, nostalgia, pain, and tears welled up inside me.  I miss the brotherhood of Texas High School football....it is something unique that definitely doesn't exist on the college and NFL levels.  This book goes to the heart of Texans and their treasure that they hold dear on Friday nights, High School Football, community, love, pride, spirit.  I definitely recommend this book and movie to anyone who loves football and especially anyone who played in High School, namely Texas Football.
Yeeup! As Mr. Tersander would say.  This is one of my favorite films.  While not exactly bust-a-gut funny, it is warmly amusing throughout with a couple of classic lines & scenes (the perplexing storeroom, the "letch", the well, the all-night Wam session etc.), played to perfection with ease and charm (my God those are lost arts, aren't they?) by a cast of pros who are immediately likeable and comfortable to be around.  The story of a New York adman building his dream house in Connecticut being snookered by the "hicks" and then the series of disasters and cost overruns that befall him, the film is played with just the right tone, light and with great good humor, from the falling lintels to the Zuzz-Zuzz water softener.  Some may question the 5 stars, and although it may not be a great movie, I give it all 5 because Grant, Loy and Douglas are a lost breed of irreplaceable class players, and this kind of effortless amusement is pretty much an extinct genre.
This harry potter film is the best yet...It is darker and captivating. They just keep getting better
Ten years after its release, Steve Martin's LA Story has a cult following for its adept interpretation of vapid and decadent Los Angelinos. Though LA Story came out in 1990 and seems to lampoon the 80s, Michael Tolkin goes way beyond his collaborative work with Robert Altman(The Player) with this pitch black comedy. The film is way ahead of its time. Hollywood has yet to examine the decadent 90s in any way. Here we have characters who are more Clinton era than American Beauty. Pretty astute, considering that the film was released in 1994! Look for top performances from Peter Weller, Judy Davis, and great supporting work from Adam West, Sandra Seacat, and a pre-Pulp Fiction Samuel Jackson. Hopefully, some of the great camera work an slick visuals will find its way on to DVD in the near future.
This two-pack set includes the 1999 film Pitch Black and its 2004 sequal,The Chronicles of Riddick.These two films star Vin Diesel as the main character,a escaped convict and mass murderer who is the hero(or in his case,anti-hero)Richard B.  Riddick.  In Pitch Black,a group on a spaceship flying to a planet called  New Meccha to settle it when they collide with a meteor shower  and are awoke for hypersleep.They land on a planet with three suns,which makes tempertures unbearable.With the captain of the ship now dead,Fry(Radha Mitchell),the ship's second in command,must run things and get to a ship that was left behind by a crew of settlers who mysteriously vanished,whether she wants to or not.But in order to get off this planet,she and the crew will have to overcome two obstacles:one,a man being shipped to a prison cell on another planet,who's eyes had been radically changed so he can see in dark places,has escaped from the ship,which puts the crew life in danger and the upcoming eclipse in which,every 22 years,the planet's inhabitants awake from hibernation and roam the planet for one month.Well,guess what year it is? Now,with the help of a recaptured and reluntant Riddick,Fry and the crew must reach the ship and survive the creatures who roam the planet before they are all wiped out.Pitch Black is a very shocking sci-fi thriller with some good scares in between.Besides the fact it mocks religion too much,Pitch Black is a good movie that is worth checking out.It has a story that is pretty good(despite the fact is reminds me of Alien)and has interesting characters such as Imam(Keith David),a religous man,Johns(Cole Hauser),a man who is trying to put Riddick behind bars for money,Jack(Rhiana Griffin),a child hiding a secret,and Rididck and Fry,the main characters.Pitch Black-Five Stars!  If Pitch Black is like Alien,then Chronicles of Riddick is Aliens with Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom thrown in a little bit.The story in the first part of a planned trilogy is centered around Riddick,who for five years,has outrun the mercenarries that have been tracking and trying to capture him.Riddick finds out the bounty has been issued from Imam(Keith David),the religious man who has now has a home and has a family,and Riddick flies to Helion Prime,where Imam lives,to get some answers with the merc's ship of course.  Riddick learns that why the bounty was made was that Aereon(Judi Dench),the last of the Elemental race,and who is the air elemental,needs to talk with him.A race called the Necromongers are flying to Helion Prime as we speak to convert everyone on the planet to their beliefs or be killed by them.They are led by the evil Lord Marshall(Colm Feore),a man who is part human and part "something else",as the movie describes it(he seems to be able to stretch his body in a ghost like fashion and then his body catches up with him.Riddick learns about his destiny and his past,learning that he is a Furyan,a race belived to be completely wiped out by the Necromangers years ago and this can be used to the heroes advantage because the Lord Marshall fears Furyans.Riddick soon decides that if anyone gonna stop the Lord Marshall's evil crusade,it might as be him.Along with Jack,who has now completely grown up,become a killer like Riddick,and changed her(yes,she's a girl,it's revealed in Pitch Black)name to Kyra(Alexa Davalos),Riddick will attempt to stop the crusade of the Necromangers once and for all.  The Chronicles of Riddick mocks religion way too much,in fact more than Pitch Black did,which is one of the films flaws.Another flaw is that alot of events don't make since,but the next two films should clear up this(I hope)."Riddick" is good film and you will be entertained.And trust me,if you like action scenes,you will love this film's action scenes.They are the best thing about the film!!!!!!!!!!!So,to conclude,The Chronicles of Riddick gets four stars(so Pitch Black is differently the better of the two).  If you like sci-fi,thriller,or action films,or if you are just a fan of Vin Diesel,you will like this.Also available from the Riddick is the Riddick anime Dark Fury that takes place between Pitch Black and The Chronicles of Riddick(I haven't seen it,but I heard it's good)and the XBOX video game Escape from Butcher Bay(which is a pretty good game,from what I played). Both star Vin Diesel.I hope you enjoy the world of Riddick and I hope this review was helpful.  (This review is based on the unrated version of The Chronicles of Riddick and the R-rated version of Pitch Black.)
I liked the movie, but what really disappoints me is that the Digital Copy is only Windows Media compatible.  Now to be fair, it does say so on the package, if you squint real hard and look at the fine print on the back.  I've taken up the habit of buying movies with digital copies because I've got a lot of room left on my iPod, this is the first time I've run into this problem.  Other movies I buy offer a Mac or Windows version, as was the case with "The Dark Knight" (say, wasn't that a WB release too?).  As for the movie, the animation is the best I've seen from any of the DC Direct to DVD movies.  This has the potential to spawn some sequels, and if they keep the quality up I hope they do.  So anyway, I liked the movie, it is much like an intergalactic cop movie, the digital copy shaft still hurts though.
fun film to watch nothing screams oscars but its a good movie for whenever you need something to watch -kind of predictable but a sick ending twist -gambling scenes are fun to watch -genius envy for the characters that graduate MIT with a 4.0 -dont have to be a genius to count cards all in all a good flick
This was a great story line and a really funny movie to watch. It gave a lot of background history on Julia Childs that we never knew and the scenes of her cooking show were great! It is a movie that the whole family can enjoy. Would highly recommend it to all. A welcome chance from the bang, bang, shootem up shows.Fast moving and never a dull moment. Julia's challenges to make it through the cookbook are entertaining and really funny. Some of the scenes will have you rolling in the aisles. This is a fun movie to watch and share with friends.
This is one of the top classic movies that I'd like to collect especially in BR.  I always enjoy watching this one, and the picture is dynamite!
first if all switchfoot in my opinion is a great band.  There is some great footage of switchfoot at Soma in san diego.  All of the tracks are great!!!!!1
This movie is so funny! A very underrated comedy that certainly deserves a dvd release!
I LOVED this movie when I saw it in the theatre over the past summer- so I was pumped to see an "unrated" version come out on DVD.  Whomever was in charge of putting this DVD together yanked a huge chain on this release.  I had expected the "unrated" version to be funnier than the theatrical version which I thought was one of the year's funniest movies, because in general, "unrated" cuts have been better than the "regular" release.  This "unrated" version skips a couple really great monents from the theatrical version, one instance is when Carell's character "Brick" utters "I ate a big red candle" during the party hangover sequence and they replace it with a joke that's nowhere near that great non-sequitor.  Near the end of the film they edited out Ferrell's lines just before he picks up the phone in the bar (something about "once being an anchorman")which was more in line with the film's plot/angle than the new scene of Burgundy eating cat poop. A TERRIBLY UNFUNNY ADDITION.  The crapper of it is, the unrated DVD has different and admittedly better extras than the theatrical DVD release, so to actually get the theatrical cut(which is a better cut than the unrated version) the customer gets screwed if they want the better extra features.  lame.  in all actuality this review would be 4 for the movie, and 1 for the way this fiasco was put out on DVD.
Passport Video and Koch Entertainment Distribution present "Classic Comedies >From Hollywood's Golden Age"  (Dolby digitally remastered)... relive the laughter from Hollywood's Golden Age...spanning the early years of comedy ('20s--'40s)...this collection features signature films from comedy's greatest names...besides that you just discovered the essential collection of classic comedy performances...this compilation features more hours of the best routines in comedy history than you could shake a stick at...laugh along with your favorite film, scene and actors that keep you coming back for more.  15 Fabulously Funny Feature Films (in alphabetical order in which they appear)  1. FATHER'S LITTLE DIVIDEND (1951) Spencer Tracy, Elizabeth Taylor & Joan Bennett  2. GENERAL, THE (1927 Buster Keaton  3. GOLD RUSH, THE (1925) Charlie Chaplin  4. HIS GIRL FRIDAY (1940) Cary Grant & Rosalind Russell  5. INSPECTOR GENERAL,THE (1949) Danny Kaye & Elsa Lanchester  6. JUDGE PRIEST (1934) Will Rogers & Hattie McDaniel  7. LIFE WITH FATHER (1947) William Powell, Elizabeth Taylor & Irene Dunne  8. MILKY WAY,THE (1936) Harold Lloyd & Adolphe Menjou  9. MR. ROBINSON CRUSOE (1932) Douglas Fairbanks Sr.  10. MY MAN GODFREY (1936) William Powell & Carole Lombard  11. NOTHING SACRED (1937) Fredric March & Carole Lombard  12. PALOOKA (1934) Stu Erwin & Jimmy Durante  13. SPEAK EASILY (1932) Buster Keaton & Jimmy Durante  14. THAT UNCERTAIN FEELING (1941) Merle Oberon & Melvyn Douglas  15. TOPPER RETURNS (1941) Joan Blondell & Roland Young  Great job by Passport Video for releasing "Classic Comedies From Hollywood's Golden Age", the digital transfere with a somewhat clean and clear print...looking forward to more high quality releases from the vintage era of the '20s, '30s & '40s...order your copy now from Amazon or Passport Video where there are plenty of copies available on DVD, stay tuned once again for top notch performances mixed with laughter...they're funny, they're sad, but most of all they're passionate...here's a side-splitting collectioin of classic comedies that appeal to every sense of humor from slapstick to sophisticated... they say that laughter is always the best medicine, try some you just might like it..  Total Time: 1315 mins on 5-DVD's ~ Passport Video DVD #5870 ~ (7/11/2006)
At times this film attempted to shock by introducing swear words without reason - which I suppose is part of the appeal of South Park.  This usually works in the half hour episodes, but becomes a little tiresome after 32  minutes.  If you're a fan you will NEED to see this, but don't expect to  enjoy as much as the half hour episodes. I must say that I though the  introduction of Saddam Hussain as a homosexual was an absolute blinding  idea - Comedy Central 1 Middle East Tyrant 0.
Brilliant, oddball indie film. Gallo adds touches of stylistic beauty to this dark story of a young man released from prison who goes home to visit his parents. During this visit Ben Gazzara lip-synchs to a "Nelson Riddle arrangement" in his bedroom. Later Christina Ricci does a weirdly beautiful tap dance under a soft spotlight at the bowling alley. BUFFALO 66 is a bit like another indie small masterpiece, TREES LOUNGE (which Steve Buscemi worte and directed) in that both films capture the dreary, quitodian rhythm of everyday smalltown living, but perfectly so (and both movies are impecabbly acted with stellar casts).  The brilliance of BUFFALO 66 makes BROWN BUNNY, Gallo's latest film, even more disappointing. I, for one, am waiting for Gallo to return to form with his next film, if it is indeed coming...
If all you care about is slick packaging and color video, by all means pass on to the thoroughly acceptable color DVD from the Broadway Theatre Archive, but if you want to see Richard Brinsley Sheridan's classic Restoration Comedy, THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL, performed by a theatre cast which would be hard to beat, this wonderful production starring a very young Joan Plowright and the always wonderful Felix Aylmer (don't miss him in the theatrical films of Bernard Shaw's THE DOCTOR'S DILEMMA and SAINT JOAN) should be on your shelves. The smash hit 1963 Broadway production (recorded on Command Records) with John Gielgud and Ralph Richardson *may* have surpassed this production for polish, but I have yet to see a film or video production which could.  Sheridan's play premiered in London during the spring of 1777, and was playing in New York before the final shots were fired in our War For Independence. I'm having trouble finding the exact date of the broadcast documented in this Video Yesteryear release (and how I wish the packaging on more video releases from even more "upscale" releasers included such important information), but this video gives you the feel of what our founding fathers (and the British officers occupying New York for most of that war) must have enjoyed when it was new - the very graininess of the released film contributes to the illusion - and reminds us as effectively as the wonderful 1776 musical that they were actually flesh and blood people too. What a pleasure to share a high pleasure like this with them.
It's FINALLY out!! Best musical movie I've ever seen (aside from Phantom of the Opera, 2004 version). I looove RENT so much, it's a wonderful message, really heartfelt and it hits close to home. A story of friends living the bohemian life in NYC circa 1989-1990 and most everyone in the clan has AIDS. Amazingly, now that I think back (and watch it again), the only real bit of comic relief that I can remember is Mark and Roger's answering machine's repetitive-ness: SPEEEEAAK gets me every time. :) At first when I went to see it, I didn't think I would like the movie very much, it looked too into the rock-music for me to enjoy. But I was (obviously and thankfully) mistaken. The music was wonderful and the parts were played by the seasoned Broadway actors who originated them (except Mimi/Dawson and Joanne/Thoms). Everyone's performances were the most believable that I have ever seen, probably because they've been so comfortable in them for so many years. I surprised myself as I felt tears running down my face at the end; I didn't think it had had that big of an impact on me. Wrong again.  The few things I warn about: make sure whoever is seeing this movie is... mature. There are a gay couple and a lesbian couple, a few F-bombs and someone gets mooned. Not too bad, you get used to the couples after seeing them long enough, and the F-bomb is... twice, in the same song. That's about it, I hope you enjoy it. No day but today, so go see it now! :)
I'm in the middle of replacing my VHS tapes with DVD's and had to replace this one right away.  My daughter and I love watching these older movies and I was excited to see the great price for this one.
Osmosis Jones is a really good movie, if a bit... well... disgusting at times. The plot revolves around a white blood cell named Osmosis Jones (voiced by Chris Rock) who serves as a police officer in the body of a guy named Frank (Bill Murray). When a dastardly virus named Thrax (voiced by Laurence Fishburne) invades Frank's body, it's up to the immunity force to stop him, and Ozzy is teamed up with a cold tablet named Drixobensomedaphedramine, or Drix for short (voiced by the always-wonderful David Hyde Pierce). Meanwhile, the pompous blood cell politician in charge of Frank's body, Mayor Phlegmming (voiced by William Shatner), is desperate to win the next election, but he is obviously doing a sub-par job of running Frank's body.  His aide (and Ozzy's love interest), Leah, is voiced by Brandy Norwood.  This movie is very amusing in some places, but I had to deduct one star because it is, on occasion, REALLY DARN GROSS.  I had to turn my head away from the screen in some places.  However, this is by no means a bad movie.  I personally consider David Hyde Pierce's portrayal of Drix to be one of the best things in the film (if not the very best), especially when Drix busts a secret mob meeting at a disco and utters the following line, doing some dance steps as he speaks: "Attention, germs, you are surrounded.  Uh-huh, uh-huh.  Uh-huh, uh-huh, SURROUNDED!".  Trust me, it's worth seeing just for that part.  Overall, Osmosis Jones is definitely worth seeing, and it could also be used to teach an anatomy lesson, because it's very accurate.  Just watch out for the gross bits.
Picked this set up today at one of the local stores. Thought I'd share some comments.  The set consists of six DVDs, each in an individual thin case - which are stored in a cardboard sleeve. Most of the videos are "widescreen", but a few are "full screen" 1.33:1 ratio and they all lack close-captioning. These videos document what there is to do at the parks and attractions, with a lot of interviews of park employees and with actual customers. It does start to seem like a hour long commercial for Disney, but I guess that is expected given that it's a detailed look at a theme park and it's attractions.  Listing of the discs;  1) Walt Disney World Resort: Behind the Scenes. 52 minutes with two extra features; What's New in the Haunted Mansion & Stitch's Great Escape. Not sure just how long each of the extra features are - but they seem to be around 8~12 minutes. This DVD reminded me of the History Channel's documentary <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CS461O">Modern Marvels - Walt Disney World (History Channel)</a>.  2) Disneyland Resort: Behind the Scenes. 55 minutes with two extra features; Walt Disney's Apartment on Main Street & King Arthur's Carousel.  3) Ultimate Walt Disney World. 57 minutes with two extra features; Goofy's Barnstormer & Catastrophe Canyon.  4) Disney's Animal Kingdom. 42 minutes, no extra features.  5) Disney Cruise Line. 52 minutes with two extra features; Sneak Peek at the Disney Dream & Virtual Ride on the Disney Dream AquaDuck.  6) Undiscovered Disney Parks. 50 minutes with two extra features; What's New at Walt Disney World's Resort Hotels & Tips for Walt Disney World Travelers.
***POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD***  I remember when 28 DAYS LATER was in theaters. After about a month or so, the television ads were up to a full minute to a minute and a half long. They were packed with sterling reviews, thrilling speedy zombie cut scenes, and the promise of three possible endings! A few friends of mine went to see the movie five times so that they could see all three. They weren't the only ones, either. A ton of my friends were quick to say things like, "You, of all people, will love this movie!" Hype hype hype. If there is one thing I can't stand is every one and their grandmother telling me I have to see one particular movie. Given, hyped movies are either as good as or ruined by the hype and that ratio is hovering around 50%. However, this movie falls into the latter. It wasn't the worst movie ever (close, but at least it had a budget), though right from the start I had issues. Now, I'm down with the idea that some hippie, animal liberation bozos would end up destroying society, but the whole first scene was laughably bad. I will admit, the movie did started becoming promising, but only to rot away and FAST! I personally don't see how this movie is any different than DAWN OF THE DEAD other than the fact that DAWN was a criticism on consumerism and 28 DAYS was a commentary on...sex?...I think. "Soldiers are horny" seems to be this movie's overall message, or at least "the apocalypse will make men do morally ambiguous things to satisfy their libido." Thanks. I think all of us zombie fanatics could have figured that one out on our own. In the end, this is just the arrogant sods that brought us that sterling example of cinema THE BEACH (and the director who, in my opinion, butchered Irvine Welch's novel TRAINSPOTTING) exposing a trite taboo. I've seen some trashy zombie films in my day, but at least none of them took themselves so horrendously serious.  I've been reading the glowing reviews of this movie, and I'm a bit perplexed by some of them. I've read that it plainly deals with the hopelessness of the situation...as if DAWN or even RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD didn't. There's nothing particularly special about this movie.  Talking about RETURN OF THE LIVING DEAD, I think it's total bull to declare 28 DAYS as the introduction of the "Fast Zombie." There were plenty of zombies running around in RETURN and ROTLD PART 2. How about the scene when all the zombies bum rush the cops? There are two separate scenes of zombies bum rushing cops in ROTLD, and another one when they take out the paramedics! So what, we should give credit to 28 DAYS because some of the zombies were superhumanly fast? We should give it full marks for making them faster? Please.  Also, I've read that the movie's landmark because it doesn't rely on violence. Instead it relies on changing a tire really really quickly so the stampeding herd of zombies don't infect you. Come on! This is supposed to be tension? It was like watching NASCAR! I didn't hate this movie because it lacked gunfire or bombs. I hated this movie because it was a boring, watered down rip-off with the moral rudder of a prudish eighth grade girl. Besides lacking action, it also lacked any semblance of suspense, drama, or intrigue. Oh, and how about calling the disease "Rage?" How hokey can you possibly get?  I will say that the sequel looks interesting, not that I'm going to pay theater prices to see it, but I will definitely give it a try on DVD. As for the predecessor, I'll just leave it for the monkeys.
I sort of had low expectations for this dvd. But it delivered what I wanted. It could have packed a mightier punch tough. More footage from that era would have been nice. They go into a pretty good depth of explaning the tracks. Listening to the backing tracks were cool. Freddie Mercury has the best voice in rock n roll history!    ANATO is truly a classic album. It's about time they had released the making of this album. I've waited for about a good 4 years for something like this. So this dvd is pretty good. So if you buy it, you should enjoy it.
In such a massive star-studded film, you'd think it'd be super awesome. Well it's mildly awesome with some funny parts, lame parts and chuckle parts, just like any comedy. Always the quirky filmmaker, Tim Burton made a film that looks unique even when the influences are so obvious.  Out of the caverns of Mars comes hundreds of alien spacecraft and they're parked right outside Earth. Rather than being hush hush like typical Americans, they tell the whole world and show the pictures on newspapers. Only thing is the Americans are foolishly optimistic in thinking this is the greatest thing ever. So they meet the Martians and due to a hippy's dove, the martians wage war on earthlings.  This movie can accurately be described as campy kind of funny. Many of these scenes are funny simply because they're so silly and off the cuff, like when martians knock over tribal statues with a massive ball and cry "strike!" in their own language.  Or even when they start dancing to Tom Jones.  There is however some hilarious moments and quite frankly they all come from one actor: Sylvia Sidney, who passed in 1999. She has many funny moments in the film including her infamous line "they blew up Congress!" and laughs.  The effects in some parts look kinda bad. There's one explosion near the end when spacecraft meets building that just looks bad. Some of the alien effects look good however and the disintegration effects look nice in certain scenes.  If it's good ol' mindless action you want with some comedy mixed in, can't go wrong here.
WELL WE HAVE ALL GONE THROUGH THE LONELY TIMES BUT OUR WIFE SEEMS TO CHALLENGE THAT. WITH OUR LATE STAR PATRICK SWAYZE. YOU THINK YOUR MOM IS CRAZY WELL YOU HAVENT SEEN ANYTHING YET!! URULLY DAUGHTER TOO YOU SAY WELL WATCH THIS ONE AND YOU WILL HAVE SOMETHING IN COMMON. ROWAN ATKINSON IS REALLY GOOD IN THIS ONE... GET IT!
My 2 and 1/2-year-old son has a hard time winding down for bedtime some nights, and we offer this as a special treat after his bath on those days.  Each story (there are 5 short ones, total less than 30 minutes)is preceded by a gentle song, and the vignettes are sweet and calm.  Spot has fun with his parents, his friends, his toys, in the garden, and at storytime. Lots of examples of consideration for others and a nice attitude toward one's parents, presented quietly to make this a great bedtime or naptime prelude.
Appleseed, based upon a manga by legendary mangaka Shirow Masamune, is the latest of feature-length Japanese anime movies to be released in movie theaters across the U.S. Those of us here in North America must generally find our needs in regards to the anime market satiated through DVDs or less-than-legal downloads off of the internet, and thus it is a cause for celebration when news hits that such a movie is to hit mainstream movie theaters. Suffice it to say, if our hopes are to be excited in such a way, the movie itself must deliver. Unfortunately, Appleseed manages to disappoint in nearly all facets it attempts to conquer. A strained story tries to be deep yet ends up swimming in the kiddie pool, promising 3D visuals end up comparing more to Reboot, an aged show that used to play on Cartoon Network, than Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence.  In fact, from a visual standpoint, Appleseed has absolutely no excuse to fall flat. We've seen far better from previous films from Japan, some a few years old, yet it trips up on so many of its tangled wires. Some jagged, unpolished visuals would find themselves more at home as a PS2 cutscene than as a bigscreen feature film. Ironically, a recent PS2 game, Armored Core Nexus, has an intro sequence that features mechs that actually looks eons better than anything this movie presents. This is by no means an exaggeration. There are several sequences in the movie with grainy edges when there is no seemingly no excusable reason to have crisp, fine-tuned edges. In fact, during a dramatic scene in the movie, one can't help but notice slight texture slip-ups on regions of an outheld gun. And this is just the surface: the character models are clearly anime-inspired, and while they look plenty appealing when stationary, they begin to rip apart at the seams with movement. When talking, their mouths articulate about as well as a G.I.Joe being manipulated by a little kid. This clearly takes away from practically every dramatic shot in the entire movie, as your attention is focused away from the bland lines the characters are spouting and more towards their rubbery movements.  The story supplementing these poor visuals follows suit. It's typical anime science-fiction drivel that can't compare to the greats. Its a story of a feud between humans and a new, peaceful race known as the Bio-roids contained within a new utopic city known as Olympus. While it certainly struggles with some deeper symbolism, particularly centered around Greek mythology, there's a surprising lack of substance to be had. You can't sympatheize with any of the characters, especially when they move about as gracefully as a Barbie, and in the end the plot is just a bit too distant to lend any sort of meaning to today's society.  Stilted plot, bland characters, and mediocre visuals should be manageable so long as the action is entertaining. In that regard, Appleseed succeeds to a slight degree. There are a couple of action sequences that are simply bursting with energy, mostly the ones involving Mechs. Yet these sequences are really nothing special, especially when your lust for action is better fulfilled in several other mediums. The action isn't always a high-point, however, especially when it combines with the films other flaws. The climax of the movie is immensely dissapointing, with a premise so utterly overdone that you may find yourself in disbelief that the movie is actually presenting it and seriously at that. Oh, but it is.  Suffice it to say, Appleseed should not be at the top of any moviegoers list. Particularly not that of anime fans, who have probably seen this exact premise thousands of times over. It may be suitable as a rental for the scant action sequences, but you'd be better off foregoing this in light of something more stellar, such as Ghost in the Shell 2 or Metropolis.
Astronauts crash land onto a planet that is ruled by apes. A planet where the apes are at rule, and humans are the underdog. A planet where apes capture humans and use them for game.  I really loved this version of the Planet of the Apes. I actually liked this one better than the 2001 version. (even though it looks more realistic) If you are a planet of the apes fan and liked the 2001 version, you may think well I don't want to see the old version! But this version really isn't that bad!
I doubt that much of this is historically accurate but maybe that doesn't matter.  Billy the Kid and several other fellows do lots of shooting and riding as they battle some guys who are much more corrupt than they are.  It is especially hard for them to find their way after the lose the father figure who had been looking after them. I could have done without some of the weird slo-mo and the silly peyote scene.
The movie is nothing more than a late night tbs movie you'd watch after Braves baseball with your grandfather.  In other words its, not that good.  If only they would have further explored the relationship between Clark and Lana, and the Superman vs. Clark Kent story (the superman vs. kent sideshow is actually my most favorite part of all the superman movies, which is prob. why i give it 3 stars. i'd give it 2 1/2 if I could.)
I'm writing a novel about young people and heard "Valley Girl" was the classic of its type. Made in 1983 with Nick Gage and Deb Foreman, I had hopes that the silly "Valley Talk" would entertain. I was wrong. This is a trite soft-porn movie. If your kid watches this movie, they'll be scarred for life. I recommend this one for desperate men that dig Internet teen-porn. Cage is sort-of-Elvis like as a bad-boy punk. He meets non-grody to the max Deb Foreman and a good girl-bad boy crush begins. The beach scene has bikinis and young bods, but then the camera shows teenager Cage in swim trunks. My gal and I started laughing. Cage has a V-shaped bush of hair on his upper chest that looks like it was from the Planet of the Apes wardrobe room. Notice that all actors shave their chest these days, but I guess body hair was in in 83. Thank goodness for director John Hughes. Later in the 80's, he showed Hollywood how to give real character and motivation to young people. Rent "Pretty in Pink" and pass on "Valley Girls."
I can't remember the film, but I'd seen an old movie once about a screenwriter who was complaining about the way the studio treated his little script about kids playing ball in the park. Once it was written and sold, the piece was later turned into a war film, ruing any care, attention or real labor that the writer had put into an otherwise fetching story. To say that this is what could have happened to the Fantastic Four is just an assumption. But, somewhere along the line, between writing the script and casting the film, somebody who didn't know a damn thing about Marvel's finest hero group took control and warped it into one of the stupidest pieces of cinema this side of SuperGirl. Either they didn't know or they didn't care. Take your pick.  When I heard who was cast as Ben Grimm, the Thing, I was really excited. I had never even once thought of Michael Chiklis, but there could not have been anyone better for the role. Hyped up, I learned about who would take the role of the Human Torch. Whatever, I'd never even heard of this kid. Then, Jessica Alba, and I said, "Oh no." Not as the....Invisible Woman??? How can it be worse!?! Then, it got worse with some guy who's name I couldn't even pronounce as Mr. Fantastic, with gray dye on his temples. Not even looking anywhere near the real age of Reed Richards, this guy meant doom. But not all by himself. No, the real doom would come from the smug actor, Something Whatisname, who would destroy the character of Dr. Doom forever. Not only did this guy look like he couldn't play Doom but he played him in a really stupid plot device. Here...  Reed and his ilk want to go out into space for a science mission. I halfway believed him as a smart guy, but never are we made to believe that he is a genius. Victor Von Doom is the billionaire who finances the project and tags along - with Sue Storm as his girlfriend (!) and Johnny and Ben to tag along as pilots. Now, what is wrong with this story?  FIRST: Reed and Doom were friends in college until Doom blew up his own face in a science mistake and blamed it on Reed, hating him forever. This was waaaaay before Reed even knew the Storms.  SECOND: Johnny Storm was much younger in the comic book, at least by three or four years. AT LEAST. How he unbelievably managed to take the trip into space at that age, I will never know, so it's good that they fixed that part.  THIRD: I don't think Sue was a scientist in the book - in fact, I'm positive of it. Either way, Jessica Alba, being a major hottie, gets away with her hotness when being in ANY movie. But she will never get away with playing a scientist.  FOURTH: Doom never went into space with Reed and his ilk and he sure as heck wasn't dating Sue.  FIFTH: Ben Grimm ROCKS! Can't diss that part.  So, there. Before the film even starts, not only do they manage to smartly create a timely story about their origin which manages to incorporate Doom, but they DO IT BADLY AND STUPIDLY! Trying to crunch in the important themes was a good idea but it was left in the hands of bad, bad, bad storytellers. Doom ends up getting zapped in space with the rest of them and that's why he has armor? BECAUSE IT'S HIS SKIN? LAME!!!!  I won't go into much more of my personal hatreds, but I will tell you that I despise the director, Tim Story of "Barbershop" fame. Not only is he not competent enough to take on a story like this one, but he doesn't know enough about it to care. With a name like his, I half expected at least a good visual "story." Instead, we seemed to get just a pile of smoking junk, as if he didn't know a good story if it bit him in the butt. Now, some directors just do what they do because it's payday or because they don't have the clout to flex any muscles. If he were Spielberg, he would probably have said, "NO! TAKE THIS GARBAGE BACK AND LET WHEN KNOW WHEN YOU HIRE SOME REAL SCREENWRITERS!" (this from the guy who made "Jurassic Park" - which only floated thanks to CGI. But CLOUT reigns supreme) But, Story is not Spielberg, he's the guy from "Barbershop." But the film just reeks of not even trying. If he was powerless and had to succumb to the studio's demands, I take it all back. The studio should have backed off, not him.  Ben's latext skin was good, but it really should have been better with a little CGI touch-ups. There were times when I cringed at how obviously fake his orange suit was. Still, Chiklis handled the job really well, but the scene where Ben's wife leaves him was totally laughable. Still, not his fault. Furthermore, not that I'm hating, but I could have sworn that Ben's blind girlfriend in the comic book was white.  Sue Storm and Reed Richards sucked almost as bad as Doctor Doom. Doom is a super-intimidating figure and it did not play out here well enough. He said some mean things, smacked some people around, but he was by no means the insane mastermind from paper pictures. Sue's powers looked super-cool but Reed's seemed a bit silly at times. But during the BIG FIGHT SCENE, I forgave a lot and just enjoyed myself. For a few minutes there, it was totally FANTASTIC FOUR material.  The Human Torch could not have been better. Not how I imagined him, but he surpassed all my expectations and actually proved me wrong in some places. He is cocky and arrogant and, like Dash from THE INCREDIBLES, seemed to be the only one to relish the idea of having super powers. Nice change of pace, differing from Batman, Blade and Spiderman, who do what they have to do like it's a curse or a reason to be bummed out all the time.  If I were to rate it from one to ten, I would give it a four. One because it's a superhero movie. Two, because Alba is hot. Three, because I loved Grimm and Johnny and their constant bickering. And four, because some of the effects, like the Human Torch's fire, were top notch. Keep one thing in mind though, after the "Incredibles" came out and everyone saw how cool a person with stretch powers could be, rumor has it that the FANTASTIC FOUR went back and shot "better" scenes of Reed stretching around. Still....no competition. Not even enough competition for a cartoon.
Before I start, let me just say that this is a negative review, and it seems to me that a majority of people do not find negative reviews helpful for some reason...maybe they only want to read positive reviews, as they've basically made up their minds to buy the movie or book.  To start, save your money and rent this if you haven't seen it.  There were some good scenes and special effects, but the movie goes wrong with its focus on Sam and his dad.  Sam's dad starts out from Washington, in a blizzard, to go to New York to save Sam, and ends up walking the last 40 miles to get there.  Yep, only Sam's dad can save him, not the cops, not the army, only superhero dad...  And, did Sam's dad bring an extra snowsuit for Sam to make the trip back in?  No.  And why should we care about Sam anyway?  People are dying in New York left, right, and centre, but as long as Sam makes it back you are supposed to feel good.  As for the reviewer who watched this 4 times already, you must be kidding.  Once is enough.
For all the special effects and color cinematography of recent years, few films in the disaster genre have been able to top this amazing film of the fateful voyage of the Titanic; it is smartly written, with extraordinary cinematography (by Geoffrey Unsworth) and brilliantly acted by a cast of mostly unknown actors, although the star, Kenneth More was famous in England. American audiences will probably only recognize David McCallum (Illya Kuryakin in the Man from U.N.C.L.E. series) who plays a radio operator, and Honor Blackman, who gained fame as the Bond Girl with the naughty name in Goldfinger, who has a small part as the wife of a brave and stoic man, and the noted British actor Laurence Naismith, who is marvelous as Captain Smith.  Even though one knows the end, the tension runs high, and we get caught up in lives of the people aboard "the floating palace", and how they handled their dreadful fate. The characterizations are beautifully developed, which is rare in this type of film.  The scenes of the inner workings of the ship are intense, and very well re-created. When compared to documentaries made about the Titanic, this film would seem to be quite accurate, in the physical aspects of the ship, and of the people who sailed her, as passengers and as crew.  I find this 1958 version far superior to the 1997 Oscar winning "Titanic", mostly because the script and acting are much more believable, making the events of that dreadful night come to life and stir the emotions in a deeper way than the newer film ever could.  Adapted for the screen by Eric Ambler from the book by Walter Lord (which I read many years ago and also found fascinating), the direction by Roy Ward Baker is superb, and the almost symphonic score by William Alwyn terrific.  "A Night to Remember" won a 1959 Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film.  Total running time is 123 minutes.
This is a long time favorite.  Walter Mattau at his best.  Great lines, quirky plot. Watched over and over again. A definite keeper.
This is, in my opinion, undoubtedly the funniest slapstick comedy ever!  You'll never see this many great actors and comedians in the same movie again!  This is a classic!
My family enjoyed this movie in spite of several bad reviews, it was very cleverly done and never ceased to hold our attention. Our children six and almost three, ended up watching it three times in less than twenty four hours. I'm a huge Johnny Depp fan and have to admit that this is the film that I least enjoyed seeing him star in, but it was a good story.
Good service, arrived on time, and the item requested,will buy from them again. Would recommend them to others buying DVDs.
Why did the chicken cross the road?  To see Mamma Mia! Of course.  What well heeled, high class poultry wouldn't want to see Meryl Streep, Pierce Brosnan, and Colin Firth belt out ABBA standards amidst the Greek Isles?  Sure, they aren't all recording stars, and Brosnan can scarcely carry a tune, but the premise of the film/musical is delightful.  Getting married?  Look for your Dad, or dads in the case of Sophia.  I think the best part of the film is probably Sophia standing in the church screaming that she doesn't care how many men she slept with while the 'dads' scramble and the priest looks on.  This could have been a Jane Austen ending with two weddings, but it's not!  The music is wonderful, and the acting is almost clumsy.  But with the film set up, it can't help it.  Men in uncomfortable situations do stupid things.  Women fighting love do the same.  Cinematography?  The weak point, but when you watch this film, the scenery is stunning!  Highly recommended.  Abba will sell 10,000,000 more albums this year.  Tim Lasiuta
By far the best presentation of Road Warrior yet. The panoramic shots of the Australian outback never looked so good. The cinematography really takes advantage of widescreen, even in the action shots, so it is perfect for HD. And it is an excellent HD transfer as well. The digital surround sound is also great on my stereo system, despite what some of the other reviews said.  I probably would have rated it 4.5 stars since there are so few extras, but I did not want to give people the impression that the movie, transfer, or presentation in HD format is not excellent by rating it just 4 stars. Without doubt this is a great HD-DVD, I would just like more on the disk.
Very good entertainment. Lots of fun for the cost of this set. I would rcommend this to all Shrek fans.
This was on my grnddaughter's wish list.  It is certainly not my kind of entertainment, but she loves it.  Your service, delivery and ease of shopping made my holiday less work and more fun, thanks.  Bettie Btodka
Two teenage sisters, Anas and Elena, are on vacation with their parents.  This means when the older, Elena, begins to explore the quiet seaside town the younger, Anas, tags along.  On their trivial explorations the girls talk about what interests them the most, love, as both girls are curious and beginning to form their own notions on love.  Elena is the slim, pretty, and confident sister that has intrinsic needs to feel and express love, while Anas is round and timid, yet perceptive and thoughtful.  Often Anas drifts into a melancholic slump in which she recites gloomy poetry as an internal reflection, which becomes a psychosocial depiction of anxiety in regards to her own body image.  When the two sisters encounter Fernando, an Italian law student on vacation with the parents, Elena is flattered by his attention to her.  They quickly initiate a close physical connection as Fernando desires Elena while Elena wishes for love.  However, the connection between Elena and Fernando is doomed from the moment they met as he is quick to meet her requests in order to accomplish the mission to conquer her.  Anas sees through Fernando's charade, but Elena does not want to hear about it as her wishes for love are stronger than her convictions.  It is expected that Elena will be hurt, as the painful journey to come of age continues, but she cannot abandon Fernando as her wisdom does not supersede her inner desire to share the affection of love.  In the shadow of Elena's disastrous love affair Anas witnesses everything as she shares a room with her older sister.  Anas's witness to Elena's journey affects her perception of herself and love as her thoughts of herself grow darker and deeper.  Fat Girl is no rosy teenage love comedy, which frequently is released from major production companies.  Instead the director Catherine Breillat portrays a dark and hard-hitting coming of age story that strikes the retina with haunting realism and the eardrum with gloomy poetry, which leaves a lasting imprint in the cerebral cortex.  The cinematography and mise-en-scene enhance the cinematic experience as they enhances the dark atmosphere which Anas is experiencing.  The beach scene where Anas lays on the sand as the sea water barely reaches her is an unforgettable moment as it illustrates her perception of her existence.  Lastly, the final sequences of the film will unexpectedly shake a drained audience as it offers much to reflect upon in Anas's perspective.
Someone on this movie wanted to do a sweet little Woody Allen type movie, that examines two apparently unsuited characters and then sees if they can work together. Unfortunately someone else, perhaps the producers with an eye to profit, wanted to rip-off the politically incorrect moves of the Farrelly brothers and others. So we get sweetness next to jokes about needing to get to a toilet and not being able to, about - yawn - blind ferrets who bash into things, about messing one's pants (a different character) and a few other utterly dismal and unoriginal gross out humor scenes. It works to the movie's detriment, especially during a storm scene where you're more worried the director will find it funny to squash the ferret than you are amused or moved by what's actually going on. It's also not a well written script. It took way to long to get to the point of Stiller's disastrous honeymoon. And you're kind of surprised when it ends as the main two characters simply don't seem to have spent enough time together. Still I give it two points because it does offer a few laughs.
BRILLANT!!!!This movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen. There is no other Gangster type of movies that even come close to Scarface. You have a brillant director(Brian De Palma), the best cast(Al Pacino, Michelle Phiefer)and what do you get..SCARFACE!! Although it is long (170 mins) it is a movie which is worth watching so yeah. Cant wait for the Scarface game too. Being released 13/09/05 on all platforms(PS2,XBOX,PC)more details on http://www.gamespot.com/ps2/action/scarface/index.html?q=Scarface  SO SAY GOODNIGHT TO DA BAD GUY!!!
Well made film, with a wonderful plot and great performances.  Kathleen Turner's first film, and brother did she come out of the gate with a bang!
The kids and I are fans of the Jaws movies. The first is the best; the second isn't bad; the 3-D is ...well... you have to be a fan (but the kids like it b/c, as they say, "it looks so weird floating out there"); the last called the Revenge is okay but you have to be a fan. The kids like the action with the boats and plane.
well, i must say i couldn't wait to see this film...mainly because of how much i enjoyed the first one, although part of me was also a little scared at seeing this for the same reason. i was very pleased, however, when i came out of the theatre after seeing this "prequel". there are so many reasons this was just as good , if not better, than the first one. the biggest reason, for me, was that they didn't try and "fix" what wasn't ever broken. the first film was so good and worked so well that you'd really have to be a complete moron to try and change the formula for the second one. thankfully, they stuck to what worked, especially in the movie's style...i.e. the documentary feel with the camera. they also were creative enough to give the audience even more footage by having the family stick security cameras all around the house, because of a break in at the beginning of the film. that was brilliant. because of this they were able to keep the same feel of the first film and have many more ways to scare us at the same time. many people are writing in that the acting was better this time around but i disagree. to me the acting was fantastic in both films and wasn't any more or less believable in either one. i think there were more characters in the 2nd movie and therefore maybe people are somehow seeing MORE good acting, making it seem like it was better the 2nd time, but really, if ya go back, the acting is just as good. the directing was just as good, and the script may have been better the 2nd time...and that's saying a lot considering how great the first one was. all in all i came out enjoying this one just as much , if not more, than the first. now i'm just eagerly awaiting the release of the third installment this october, and am hoping it makes this one of the best horror trilogies ever put on film.
I discovered Dexter a couple months ago. After being told by everyone who had ever seen it that I should watch it, I caved.  Dexter is a serial killer with a code, a girlfriend coming out of an abusive relationship with two kids, a sister with a swearing habit and a shady history that torments and intrigues both the audience and Dexter himself.  The cast is terrific. Michael C. Hall plays a scary, naive, troubled and charming blood spatter expert with ease. Jennifer Carpenter plays his sister Debra, a foul-mouthed cop who craves respect. Julie Benz as Rita, a parent coming out of an abusive relationship makes the tender side of Dexter contrary and fascinating in light of what he does when he's not with her.  C.S. Lee is by far the funniest character, as forensic expert Vince Masuka. He only gets funnier as the show hums along. David Zayas is the down on his luck in love Angel Baptista, a warm and caring cop with a badass side who may end up as a favorite character for many. Lauren Velez is Maria Laguerta, the lieutenant of the force who battles to hold onto her power and struggles to decide if she's a cop or a politician.  There's a lot more, but just watch it.
<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0790729350">Woodstock - 3 Days of Peace & Music (The Director's Cut)</a> Woodstock 1969 is an original version, all the groups of the 1969 version are here. Lacks some scenes from the original VHS versions, like the three guys walking naked, but have some new scenes. The DVD version is stereo and the image is very clear. The group that sings "Coming into Los Angeles" is not present in the scene names, but is really present in the video. SANTANA in its beginnings is here with the original guys : Nicaraguan " CHEPITO AREAS" is here, seen at the end of "SOUL SACRIFICE, also, Gregg Rollie and David Brown are here. "Ten Years After" is Here with "I'm coming home". Also, Jimmy Hendrix with "The Star Spangle Banner" and "Purple Haze". Other presents are : Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Joan Baez with "Joe Hill",etc If you want to remember your young years as an adolescent in the "1960's" and the "Vietnam War Era", this video is appropiate for you, as it was for me to remember those caotic and beautiful years.
This is a very good movie that I saw. It has gore,creature violence,action, terror.And the most important thing a kinda happy ending.So do more good reviews for this movie ok.
I love Queen of the Damned!  The DVD arrived just as stated!  If possible, I'd like to order from this person again!
There's something to be said for the "do-it-yourself" approach to making movies. Director Don Coscarelli followed up his smash horror film "Phantasm" with a fantasy adventure inspired by Andre Norton's fantasy novel The Beastmaster. Unfortunately, this project couldn't be entirely self funded so Coscarelli had to go to outside sources. That's where the trouble began. Although he finished the film and was overall quite satisfied, what followed was a battle of wills where the film was taken away from him, he was locked out of the editing room initially but finally the story does, indeed, have a happy ending of sorts.   Dar (Marc Singer) the son of a King stolen from his mother's womb and transported into an animal,  seeks revenge against the evil Overlord Maax (Rip Torn) a fanatic who has stolen Dar's kingdom, murdered his parents and tried to sacrifice him when he was an infant. With the assistance of his father's former bodyguard Seth (John Amos) and a freed slave girl Kiri (Tanya Roberts), Dar moves against Maax in a winner-takes-all battle involving magic, swords and a fight to the death.  Placed inside an animal by an evil witch intent on sacrificing him at the direction of the nasty overlord Maax (Rip Torn), Dar survives and is adopted by a local peasant. Whne Dar discovers his origin and learns of the murder of his parents by Maax's henchmen, Dar  speaks to animals in their language and can make them do his bidding. Dar  What you really need to know if you've purchased this before is whether or not there are any differences between this edition and the previous one.  Boasting a wonderful new transfer using Anchor Bay's Divamax high definition transfer method and a 6.1 Dolby Digital EX/DTS soundtrack, The Beastmaster looks and sounds wonderful. This re-release boasts a rich, textured image that more than does justice to the wonderful cinematography of the late John Alcott (Barry Lyndon, A Clockwork Orange). Digitally remastered for this special edition the warm colors and rich detail presented in this edition make it an essential upgrade for fans of the first film. While the 6.1 presentation of the soundtrack can't make optimal use of the format (this was originally made in the early 80's), the warm and detailed soundtrack still sounds tremendous here with an amazing amount of detail. I haven't seen the film in awhile so don't know if the dialogue track was slightly out of synch with the original film. That's the case on this DVD. I can't say it's a flaw of the DVD yet because I haven't had a chance to compare it to other editions yet.   A new documentary directed by Perry Martin was especially commissioned for this edition. Featuring new interviews with Writer/Director Coscarelli , Writer/Producer Pepperman, Production Designer Conrad Angone and actors Josh Milrad, Tanya Roberts and Marc Singer, we get an inside glimpse into the origins of the film and the conflicts that almost derailed its success. Coscarelli ran into constant interference from his overseas financer and co-producer almost immediately. Since Coscarelli had arranged the financing of his previous movies and all had been under a million dollars, he had never run into interference of this sort before. Also, on his previous productions he and Pepperman did almost everything behind the camera and in post production. Here, for the first time, both had to work with others and trust the professional crew they had hired. The real koo for the production was wrangling veteran Kubrick cinematographer John Alcott to shoot the movie and composer Lee Holdridge to write the wonderfully evocative score for the film. We also get the original theatrical trailer (which demonstrates how much work went into restoring this film for its Divamax presentation), production stills, behind-the-scenes photos and all the poster/advertising art that survived. The talent bio and DVD-ROM with the original screenplay are icing on this already moist cake. Coscarelli also contributes liner notes on the insert that has a reproduction of the original poster. A marvelous job from Anchor Bay.   An informative, funny and charming commentary track from the director and producer of the film. We get all the trivia you'd always want in a commentary track plus occasional bits of trivia about Coscarelli's film Phantasm and some other projects as well.  Both Coscarelli and Pepperman do a great job here.   A fun sword and sorcerer adventure, The Beastmaster  looks outstanding on this special Divamax Edition of the film. Packed with extras including a great documentary on the making of the film, production notes, a marvelous commentary and a top notch transfer, Anchor Bay has outdone itself here. The only thing missing from this film that might have improved it was commentary and/or interviews with Rip Torn.
I saw this show live and even though watching it on TV is not the same the way this show was shot makes you feel like you are in it and the different angles make you see things you could have missed at the live show. The sound is flawless in HD. 5 stars!
Right off the bat don't buy this dvd go out and look for the Roan Group double dvd with The Stranger and Cause For Alarm on it. Now that that has been established let's delve into the film. This film is a great introduction into the world of Orson Welles. Welles' films are always visually stunning a bit confusing, stark and thought provoking. And The Stranger posess all of the above mentioned attributes but just a litles watered down making it the most easy to watch of all of Welles' films. Welles' plays a Nazi war criminal hiding out in a suburbia and he weds Loretta Young to seem even more in touch with Americana. But when a man from his past comes and pays him a visit all hell breaks loose! Welles' has a very unique face in most of his other films he is clean shaven and looks like a cherub but here he has a mustache which makes him look sinister but still trusting due to his angel like eyes and you never wonder why Young's character stands by her man even after he tells her he's a killer! The camera angles are a lot less perverse than Welles' other films but his visual style is still present here! The scene after he kills his former comrade and the wind grabs the paper trail is just haunting. And the final sequence is also well done. Welles was a Hollywood out cast due to his often abstract cinematic ventures and wanted to prove he could make standard Hollowood fluff but with this film he went above and beyond the call of duty.
Unlike today, the most that kids at 1950s Jefferson High have to fear is failing a test, not snagging a date in time for the dance or getting into a fistfight with some of the guys from the "tough" neighborhood. And that era is truly a joy to return to, even via a DVD set in your own living room.  Storylines revolve around the Cunningham family, which include father Howard, mother Marion, teenage sons Chuck and Richie, and adolescent daughter Joanie. Richie's friends Ralph and Potsie - as well as Arthur Fonzarelli, aka "The Fonz" - also round out the cast.  Although most of the storylines are simple, revolving around Richie's school and social woes or the current issues within the Cunningham household, there are - of course - others that teach a moral lesson, such as when the Cunninghams stand behind a black friend in the face of their all-white neighborhood's prejudice.  Still others, such as the one where the Cunninghams contemplate building a bomb shelter, are almost funny to watch today. But in reality, they are really quite accurate representations of their time.  Can't wait for the release of Season 2!
Beowulf is the oldest known legend in the English language, adapted from a series of what we can only presume was the Norse mythology of the hero that inspired such figures as King Arthur. The original poem is somewhat tedious and disjointed, and this recent film is only partially like it, filling in the story and making some major changes in order to promote it toward modern audiences.  The kingdom belonging to King Hrothgar (Anthony Hopkins) is being terrorized by a violent half-demon by the name of Grendel (Crispin Glover), whose sensitivity to noise makes him particularly wrathful against the shouting and carrying on that transpires in the local mead house. Leaving devastation and rampant bodies in his wake, he threatens the lives and livelihoods of all, and Hrothgar desires to find a man capable of defeating him. His hero comes in the form of Beowulf (Ray Winstone), known for his acts of astounding courage and the defeat of numerous sea monsters and other devils of the northern world. Respected by his men and feared by his enemies, it does not take him long to cast his eye on Hrothgar's beautiful but emotionally distant wife, Wealthow (Robin Wright Penn).  In a climactic battle that leaves carnage rampant in its wake, Beowulf wounds Grendel enough that he is forced to crawl back into his cave and perish in the arms of his mother, a water demon (Angelina Jolie). Her rage is absolute and only hours after Beowulf has been claimed as a hero, honored by the people and given the gift of a magnificent golden horn, she returns to extract vengeance for her son's murder, leaving him no choice but to hunt her down and defeat her as well. But once in her cave of wonders, Beowulf comes to discover that the lure of absolute can be stronger than anything he has before encountered.  When I first saw images from the film, I wondered if my eyes were playing tricks on me, because it was not immediately apparent that this was a live-action animated feature. This may be a trend that takes off in future years, since computer technology has come so far that they are now capable of making realistic human images, and in that sense Beowulf is an absolute masterpiece. There are moments when the computer animation is not fully rendered (the horses look the most fake, but all of the humans, dragons, and other CGI creatures are absolutely astounding) but most of it left me with my mouth open, because visually it is magnificent. Sometimes the characters look almost human, their facial expressions are so real. Other reviewers have remarked that it's impossible for a cold 3D image to convey true emotion, and to a degree, this is true, but Beowulf is not meant to invoke any magnificent response in its audience other than excitement, so it's ultimately forgivable.  The film I rented was the director's cut, which I have since learned does not differ much from the theatrical release other than in terms of blood spatter. It was fun -- and it looks incredible in HD.
The best love story(s) since "When Harry met Sally". Had to see it a second time to realize the story lines really mean "Love Actually".
I smart enough to know that I am not the flexible type which is why I decided to give this DVD a try.  What I was most impressed with is how the instructor takes her time and does not rush you through the poses and there is even space on the DVD for other variations.  The DVD gets high points for that feature and I can not even complain about the amount of variety, just remarkable.
I guess the fact is I enjoy this more the my grandchildren!  How crazy is that! Don't misunderstand me, the kids like it - but hey, I love it! John Goodman cracks me up.  Also the Bonus Disc is a real "bonus!" The added Short Subjects and the Pixar "How we did it" are a real treat!
This is a terrific movie to watch when life seems tough and you're feeling sorry for yourself.  Have some laughs and forget your problems.  I also like the film's basic messages.  First, that looks aren't everything.  Second, that life really hands you some twists and turns you weren't expecting.  Smart people roll with the punches and make lemonade from the lemons.
this movie is another great from Tim Burton. Hadn't seen it prior to purchasing I just had faith & wasn't disappointed
Nice little movie I wasn't aware of. Very good performance from Mackie Washington and Pierce. One of those rare pleasant movie surprises.
There is alot of screaming and a little bit of whining with the main character however, this movie is very well put together and a wonderful story line. Ghibli movies are a bit of a hit or miss but the attention to detail in this particular movie is a major plus! Love characters, the the story, and the animation is really kind of sweet. I saw this movie first before I saw the Whispers of the Heart and had some questions in my mind after watching it which Whispers of the Heart answered. Warm, heartfelt, sweet, enjoyable with mystic, quirkiness, and adventure. I would highly recommend this movie.
This is a fine and simple film that I watched in my Korean & Japanese Religions class this past week. The acting was good, the dialogue was kept to a minimum, and the symbolism was effective and not too difficult to grasp. The first half of the film is better than the second half; the introduction of the detectives into the pristine, pure temple and the environment that surrounds it felt a bit awkward. However, having only two detectives show up made the story more believable than if helicopters arrived to capture the murderer. In other words, interference from the outside world was present but not in a way that hurt the film. As for the woman who shows up with the baby (and future disciple), it is probably not terribly important who she is. An interesting aspect of the film is that none of the characters have names, except for Detective Choi. One thing I'd like to correct is the term "cycle." I've seen reviews on this site that say everything is cyclical from the perspective of Buddhism. This is and isn't true; things are cyclical but not in a predictable fashion. Samsara operates in a cyclical manner but not with the predictablity of a 1950s cowboy movie or a professional wrestling match. One of the ideas in Buddhism is to abandon preconceptions. With this said, it's important to understand that there was nothing "written in the stars" that demanded that things start all over again in the second spring; it's just convenient for our minds that the symbolism be there. Seon Buddhism abandons the idea of fate and destiny; at any given second, anything can happen. That is the only way in which I disagree with others' reviews on Amazon.com. I am looking forward to checking out "Why Has Bodhi-dharma Left for the East?" next.
3 1/2 STARS - I remember the news reports when I was a kid growing up in Sacramento and remember how uptight and worried my parents and others were.  When I watched this movie I was so into the story but the movie seemed to be a bit boring and slow.  At least they did not HOLLYWOOD it up too much and add unreal blow um up action scenes.  True real life really is boring so this movie was about right on.  I watched it and dug it but I can't see watching it again...maybe in a couple years i'll see it again.  I say watch it and see what you think.  It is good enough to watch at least once.
I was about to rate this film four stars but after reading some of the five star reviews I had to change mine.  This is a fascinating tale of four young people who meet on a flight from Holland to New Zealand after WWII, and how their lives intertwine over the years.  It's well told, beautifully photographed and very well acted  (As a few others have mentioned, the young male lead is to-die-for handsome and charming....just another reason to watch this very good film.)
I enjoy watching this film and have seen it a few times but it's not a  great film nor does it compare with Sleepless in Seattle.  I just didn't  think that there was much chemistry between the Ryan and Hank characters.  I also found it hard to believe that Hanks (a cocky businessman who laughs  when he's told that his company just put a small bookstore out of business)  will live "happily ever after" with the Ryan character who is  anti big business and lost her family bookstore because of Hanks.  Still  it's a fun film and I enjoy it each time I watch it. One other note:  Anyone else find it strange that the Ryan character, who spends much of the  movie complaining about the big chains that come in and put the little  neigherhood shops out of business, is shown buying her coffee at Starbucks.  A little inconsistent I think.
Every year there comes a little film that blows audience and critic alike out of their seat.  These movies are often unheard of until a viewer sees the first theatrical trailer, or is told by a friend that they should give it a try.  For 2009 that little film was the Iraq set military drama entitled `The Hurt Locker' directed by Kathryn Bigelow (ex-spouse of the infamously hard-headed, yet incredibly profitable special effects director, James Cameron who this same year broke his own record set by Titanic in 1997 with his 3D eye candy Avatar).  This film about a SSG William James (marvelously portrayed by Jeremy Renner) is a war film unlike any to be made before it.  Sergeant First Class William James is out of place in Iraq.  He is a rebel in a system that requires precision as well as cooperation.  Perceived as a lone wolf with a death wish James suits up each day and constantly berates the advice and orders of those around him.  For William James this isn't a job: it's his life.  He doesn't fear dying in a ball of flame because that's what gets him off.  James has developed a truly unique addiction as his squad mates soon discover.  William James is addicted to adrenaline; the thrill of knowing that at any moment he could be scattered in a thousand different places.  Naturally this film contains multiple teeth chattering moments involving bomb diffusion, but I'm actually hesitant to call this masterpiece a "war film" because war surprisingly has little to do with the plot of the film.  Never once does this film decide to preach about moral of troops, brotherhood amongst soldiers, or even the politics behind the controversial war in Iraq.  `The Hurt Locker' is 100% self-contained and finely focused on its protagonist with Iraq being treated as the backdrop; no more, no less.  In my opinion a "war film" will focus on those issues, but The Hurt Locker doesn't even seem to acknowledge those archetypes.  Bigelow directs the film in a manner that only a woman could possibly manage.  Gritty and dark, yet on the same time lapsing into what is clearly fiction The Hurt Locker is a delicate ballet of a constantly changing perspective.  While at times it strives for realism at others it will lapse into action movie style themes...but this is in no way a flaw with this movie.  The way I see this is that William James is an addict to adrenaline and the army is his dealer.  What the audience sees is war from the addict's point of view which of course makes war out almost as if it were a fantasy for James...except for the occasionally lapses in his addiction when he is forced to face the reality of his situation.  Needless to say, this talented woman has come a LONG way since working with Keeanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze in Point Break.  The pacing of The Hurt Locker is almost like the beating of a heart, which meshes well with the nerve rattling subject matter.  Bigelow pulls every string to make the style of this film mix with its subject material while at the same time allowing it to become an enjoyable action peace with some of the most suspenseful scenes in the history of cinema.  Already many people are complaining about the realism of this movie; choosing to compare it to films such as `Black Hawk Down', `Saving Private Ryan', and even `Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket'.  Not surprisingly the people who try comparing The Hurt Locker to these Grade-A war films is like comparing apples to...watermelons.  It is absurd to compare The Hurt Locker to actual war films because The Hurt Locker belongs in an entirely separate genre.  While those films are directly relating to war (politics, whether war is good or bad, brotherhood of soldiers, etc...) The Hurt Locker is a character study solely focused on a single individual who suffers from an addiction.  The fact that he's a U.S. Soldier serving in Iraq is irrelevant to the heart of this film.  Face it folks, we won't see a war film that analyzes the nature of the Iraq war until U.S. troops have entirely pulled out because until then it's too hard to look over all the facts because things are still happening.  Don't come in looking for the `Apocalypse Now' of Iraq films because you'll not find anything like it until the conflict has been resolved and we've had a few years to recollect on its events.  As it stands, The Hurt Locker is without a doubt the best film of 2009 with an amazing performance from Jeremy Renner and expert direction by Kathryn Bigelow.  I feel that people may not understand it now, but much like Apocalypse Now, or any of Stanley Kubrick's films I believe that this will be a film that the public shall look back on as being something unforgettable.  Thankfully the Academy managed to see The Hurt Locker's value upon release instead of making a decision they would have regretted ten years from now.
When this movie was released back in April 2006, I was more than thrilled to go see it. Although I'm a huge fan of the series at that time I didn't care if the movie would be bad or not, and when I say bad I mean on par with the Street Fighter movie bad. But thank goodness it turned out to be great. I even dragged my cousin, who is somewhat familiar with the game from watching me play during sleepovers, to the theater to see this with me.  She was grossed out, horrified, and stunned by the film, as was I.  It was pretty scary for me even for a movie adaption of the game.  Video-game fans are somewhat a hard crowd to please for the most part. The word 'adaption' means just that, it's not going to be the Silent Hill game rehashed bit by bit.  Why pay money for a movie when you already know what's going to happen?  I'm a fan of the series, but some just take their 'fandom' waaay too seriously.  It's a video-game movie, just be happy that sad sack director Uwe Boll(House of the Dead, Alone in the Dark, BloodRayne, Doom) didn't get his disgsting mitts on this project, then you'd really have something to bitch about.  Instead of the male protagonist we had in SH1, we're introduced to Rose(Radha Mitchell) who takes her adoptive daughter Sharon to the town of Silent Hill, against the wishes of her husband, believing that somehow it will help flesh out the mystery of why Sharon is plagued by nightmares of the town.  It follows the main storyline of the first game and includes many canon characters from the game with the inclusion of many non-canon charcters.  I was not upset or perturbed by this by no means.  I thought it was an excellent idea on the director's part to mix and blend his ideas with what the series has already established.  Similar to the game, Rose and Sharon are involved in a car crash after racing to the town by taking a closed road, which alerts the concern of patrolling officer Cybil Bennet(canon) who attempts to stop her.  After an undetermined amount of time after the crash, Rose awakes in the fog laden town with ash falling from the sky...Sharon is no where in sight.  Thus, the movie really begins.  The film includes many key elements and characters from the series, but it isn't all copied from the game. The movie takes a life of its own, but it keeps the plot grounded to what the fans were familiar with from the game with the main goal of finding the missing daughter of the protagonist and hopefully escaping from the town.  There is some interesting back story about the origin of Sharon nostalgic to the Alessa/Cheryl/Heather element also.  I love how the director portrayed the town as like an alternate dimension/world disconnected yet still apart of the real world. We see this in the scenes involving Rose's husband and a detective who are in the real deserted town(due to the hazard of the coal fire burning underground) compared to Rose and Cybil who are trapped in 'alternate' Silent Hill.  I also love how this film, unlike the Resident Evil films(which I also like), has a lot of familiarity of the game such as locations like Midwich Elementary, Grand Hotel, and Alchemelia Hospital.  There are familiar characters and villians, along with the music from Akira Yamaoka. I don't care if the movie wasn't an exact replica of the game or not, because that's not what I wanted, I just wanted a movie with solid acting, good scares, and an engaging plot.  This movie delivered that to me and I have no complaints, save for a few...  Christopers Gans took some risks by including the fan favorite Pyramid Head in the film.  The movie follows the plotline of SH1, PH is from SH2 and many fans debate that this villian is somehow manifested in the main character's mind from SH2, and I agree, but I believe PH was added to the film for fanservice.  There are many memorable and great scenes from the movie and I was surprised at how great the monsters looked without looking overly cheesy or unrealistic.  There is a fair amount of blood and gore scenes in the movie that are just as disturbing as the content from the game.  It's a great 'adaption' for the series and I belive many people who are not familiar with the video games will enjoy this film if they are fans of horror.  The ending is a bit of a mystery and it may leave many viewers confused or open up more doors of theorizing about what really happened...
This movie is an amazing production with all the right things. Great cast, great plot, great set...everything is great. Nicholas Cage produces a very realistic a relatable character with the right charisma and dramatic personality. Diane Kruger does well also. Though the plot is not ACTUALLY historical (the treasure and lore of it isn't real), and it is nothing more than a historical thriller, it is a quality flick the whole family can watch. Way to go Turteltaub.
Superman / Batman - Public Enemies... Lex Luthor becomes President of the United States, Superman becomes Public Enemy #1 with a 1 billion dollar bounty on his head... super villains from Mongul to Solomon Grundy try to collect and superheroes are enlisted to bring Superman in, including Power Girl, Captain Atom and an unexpected Starfire.  Action, suspense and a classic Superman / Batman moment during a battle again Metallo.  Very entertaining.
Lisa Cholodenko's "The Kids Are All Right" is, simply, one of 2010s best movies. It's a wise film about the family in our society. The acting is pitch perfect from Annette Bening (in her second grand slam performance this year, after "Mother and Child"), Julianne Moore (always incredible) and Mark Ruffalo (in a surprisingly honest performance). It's also the kids who add serious credibility, with the insanely perfect Josh Hutcherson and Mia Wasikowska (making up for "Alice in Wonderland" in spades, isn't it amazing what a little character motivation can do for an actress?). The films emotional arc always rings true and the final moments of the film are layered, emotional, and moving in so many unexpected ways. The film is fun on top of all the great drama and works best as a snap shot of our time. This is one movie that will be remembered come Oscar season.
Beautiful movie, one of my top favorites to see!  This had me on an emotional rollercoaster, one minute I'm laughing, the next I'm crying.  The main characters played such beautiful strong roles, and played them very excellent!  I would highly recommend this movie because it's something that would touch upon you in all kinds of ways. :)
Orson Welles' film debut is nothing less than a masterstroke of pure genius. A modern "Tragicall Historie Of Dr. Faustus" (written by Christopher Marlowe; the play, NOT THE MOVIE), this deeply sentimental portrait of lost love is remarkable not only for its thematic elements, but for the camerawork (considered revolutionary in 1941; expertly shot by Gregg Toland, who had worked on the successful "Wuthering Heights" two years earlier). This film deserves to be seen not just by film students, but by everyone. What a shame that this film was not a box-office hit upon its initial release in 1941. The only movie over which Orson Welles had complete creative control (he was subjected to his films being severely re-edited and reshot, most notably "The Magnificent Ambersons,"  "Macbeth," "Othello, Moor Of Venice" and "Touch Of Evil," among others, for the remainder of his career), this film remains his best. Not Rated.
I will say the performances in this movie, particularly by Mortensen, Ed Harris and William Hurt are excellent. But c'mon, this movie is absurd. First, how can a "hitman" who has been out of commission for nearly 20 years somehow remember all these moves and execute them perfectly without a training regimine that would create at least some suspicion among his family?! Give me a break. This movie is ridiculous.
I'm a run/bike/swim kinda gal, but with baby #4, I had to find something to do inside... and my bike trainer was getting boooooring. I have really enjoyed Bob Harper's Ultimate Cardio Body! It's perfect for me- a good challenge, but a nice fit for since I *strongly dislike* the cheesy workout-on-the-beach videos as well as the cutesy aerobic stuff. This isn't any of those- it's a great mix of free weights, power moves, plyometrics and agility. I haven't worked out like that forever and this was FUN! I don't think, I just put it in and follow along.  I enjoy this DVD more than the Bob Harper Kettlebell DVD's. Those are not as intense and can be a lot of squats and swings.
I hate giving this movie such a low rating since I am such a fan of S. of the Dead and of Simon Pegg himself. The worst thing about the movie is that it drags too often. I can stand a few slow spots, but it occurs frequently in the movie. What saves the movie from being a complete bore are the few scenes that are absolutely hilarious! When it's funny, it's really funny. Nick Frost, once again, does a great job at playing the bumbling side kick who has an obsession with Action movies (particularly Point Break). Simon plays his character dead serious, as the character is ment to be played, but it makes the character not interesting. Overall, an average movie. It just leaves me wishing it was better than it was.
Let me go out on a limb and say there is not the slightest chance a Hollywood remake of this impressive film will be as good as the original.
Time and time again we have seen sequels that try to capture the economic success of the original by rehashing the original story.  This is particularly true in the horror genre, where sometimes being different means a new twist Jason shows up instead of Mrs. Vorhees or Laurie turns out to be Michael's sister.  At the other end of the spectrum you can sometimes pull off an actual switch in genres, such as when the haunted-house in space movie "Alien" becomes the marines in space movie "Aliens."  But the second "Nightmare on Elm Street" movie showed a complete lack of understanding of what made the original work and even when they came up with a neat twist for the sequel to "The Blair Witch Project," they never got around to a story that would make it work.  All of this leads us to "The Devil's Reject," which is a sequel to Rod Zombie's "House of 1,000 Corpses."  Now, "House of 1,000 Corpses" was Zombie's first film as a writer-director and it involved lots of gory special effects and a plot line that throws in everything and anything that he could come up with to either scare people or make them want to throw up.  But many of the most horrific moments flew by really fast and I became convinced that the movie really was the equivalent of a ride through a fun house.  The fact that there is just such a ride in the film, Captain Spaulding's "Murder Ride," reinforced the idea that this conclusion is a reasonable one.  Thinking about the movie only got in the way of what was happening, so you just watch the movie and attempt a post mortem afterwards.  "The Devil's Rejects" is a sequel in the sense that it has the same characters and mostly the same actors.  Sid Haig is Captain Spaulding, Bill Moseley is Otis Driftwood, Sheri Moon is Baby, Matthew McGrory is Tiny, and the only change in the casting is that Leslie Easterbrook is now playing Mother Firefly instead of Karen Black.  For some reason Otis is a lot more restrained than he was in the original, but otherwise the group is the same group of homicidal maniacs as before.  The story takes place after the events of "House of 1,000 Corpses," but even more important is that most of the movie takes place away from that location after the initial scene, in which Sheriff Wydell (William Forsythe) and the cops lay siege to the place and capture one of the gang.  However, the rest get away and if you think laying low would be the smart thing to do under the circumstances then you clearly missed the life philosophy previously espoused by Otis.  It is almost as if Zombie took to heart the criticism he received the first time around and went out of his way to do something as close to completely different as he could get away without breaking the connection between the two.  The sadism of the original usually accompanied off the wall lunacy and here it is more real world, which makes it more horrific because what is in this film could really happen and you can no longer distance yourself from the proceedings.  The future victims are not youngsters anymore, which is a big difference given the genre, and with this particular sheriff after we get to see if the titular characters can take it as well as they dish it out.  You can even say the differences is light night and day, because most of what happens here is when the sun is up, as if Zombie wants to show he does not need darkness and shadows to twist the guts of his audience..  Zombie got started as a musician and there is a nice irony here in that instead of his own stuff he uses music from the 1970s to underscore what happens, from Elvin Bishop's "Fooled Around and Fell in Love" to Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird."  Again, it seems clear he is going out of his way to be different and if "House of 1,000 Corpses" was, at best, a homage to "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre," then this 2005 film strikes me as owing something key to the likes of "Bonnie and Clyde" (or maybe "The Wild Bunch" given the western motifs).  Zombie's goal is to come up with shocking violence that is not gratuitous, and how much you "enjoy" (for lack of a better word) this film will depend on how well you think he does on that score.  Because there are scenes in this film that will upset you, which, it should be remembered, is an acceptable goal in a horror film.  If you are jaded by what passes for horror films and find yourself laughing at things like "Jeepers Creepers 2," then this is a film that has several scenes guaranteed to keep your from laughing.  Whether it is the performances or the characters that are compelling does not really matter because either way they are as compelling as a car wreck.  Given the status of the horror genre today, that would be a good thing.
I am a political junkie so I bought this movie before I even saw it and I was not disapointed. It is hilarious from beginning to end. It focuses on an unlikely friendship of two ex-presidents, one being a staunch republican, the other being a staunch democrat. It is definitely worth the purchase for anyone who enjoys comedies, as well as political comedies.
I first saw this movie over 20 years ago and didn't like it because I didn't like any of the characters. Flashforward two decades and I now like at least six of them. That tells you the way time builds human understanding. As a kid I assumed that the world was a good place, but now I know it to be equal parts good and evil. Few films showcase this eventuality more artfully and powerfully than the Road Warrior. This is an amazing production and I truly envy you if you've never seen it before.  The Road Warrior is both entertaining and deeply enlightening. There is more truth in its portrayal of human nature than a million self-help books and a hundred Hollywood movies. Civilization's veneer is thin. Without police and a government we would revert to shameful behaviors and attempt to survive by any means necessary. Max and the Gyro Captain are great but I still think that the feral boy character steals the spotlight from everyone else. The movie also tells us much about the nature of friendship along with the way we quickly bond with others in times of need. If you haven't seen it please do.
Stop me if you've heard this one before...  There's this evil little sculpture thing, like the thing that Max Von Sydow finds in the beginning of the Exorcist. This little sculpture has a really unsavory effect on the people who possess it. The first guy that gets his hands on it is some kind of fighter pilot. He goes all wing-whack and shoots everybody at his Air Force Base.  Now flash forward to 2005. There's a bunch of college kids who are trying to help put together some kind of aviation museum. For some reason, the kids are renovating this museum in the middle of the night, and they all end up getting locked inside. Enter the creepy KILLER! Blood Relic deteriorates rapidly into a fairly standard Teen Slasher flick. They even have the standard couple sneaking off into the back room to make out. The guy is into kinky sex and likes to terrorize his girlfriend with a knife while they enact rape scenarios. You just know where this is going, right? The killer dons a fighter helmet (complete with shaded visor) and pretends to be kinky boyfriend. The girl protests with the usual progression of "Hey, I kinda like that" to "Hey, not so rough" to "Alright, cut it out, it's not funny anymore" to "Aaaaarrrggh!" I wish I had a penny for every time some second rate horror movie pushed this clich&eacute;d wreck on unsuspecting viewers.  Fasten your seat belts everyone, this is My Bloody Valentine in an aerospace museum. In the end, there's the standard bad guy twist where the bad guy that you thought was the bad guy isn't really the bad guy. It's kinda funny when you think about it, naming this movie Blood Relic - because that's what this movie is: a relic. A crusty old outdated thing that should probably be left on the shelf to collect dust.
The 2005 video release of The "Exterminator" the Digitally Remastered Director's Cut from Tango Entertainment is probably the best this film will ever look unless a major studio re-release's it. The print from Tango is decent but still contains debris, scratches and other imperfections despite other reviewers claiming its near perfect. They could have done a little more with the sound levels because the sound does fluctuate up and down throughout the movie.  This version is a bare bones release from Tango Entertainment. There aren't any bonus features, commentaries or extras at all. Overall this film is four star entertainment for fans of the genre and hopefully one of the big studios will give this film the DVD release it truly deserves. I'd love to see a two disc 30th Anniversary release filled with tons of extras. Having said that, I haven't seen the "Exterminator" since I was a teenager and somehow the opening scene has stuck with me for 28 years.  The "Exterminator" is a low budget action film filled with scenes of pure brutality and violence. Fans of this 1980 classic revenge film will be sad to learn that the Director's Cut DVD is the rated (R) version and not the uncensored version with all the blood and violence that made this film so memorable. Former Vietnam vet John Eastland played by (Robert Ginty) is driven to revenge when his best friend and Vietnam buddy is brutally beaten by a New York street gang and left to die. After seeing his friend lying helpless in the hospital Eastland declares war on the gang who savagely beat his friend and any other lowlife street punk or criminal he can get his hands on. Soon the revenge and killing become so easy for John Eastland he realizes that the Gangs of New York, its Police force as well as the C.I.A are all out to get him.  Can John Eastland continue to carry out his one man brand of justice or will the Exterminator's flame finally be snuffed out? You'll have to buy you're own copy to see how it ends. All we need now is a DVD release of the "Exterminator 2" and John Eastland's Flamethrowing vigilante justice will finally be complete.
Excellent hunting dvd series, can help all hunters in new hunting adventures while saving you time and money. There are hunts from all over the world to watch and has more information than any other hunting videos. My family and I stay busy using the info. year round and I recommend this dvd series to all hunters.
Having just seen The Princess Diaries for the first time, I have several different thoughts on the movie, but first and foremost I am glad I read the books before seeing it. The movie is entertaining.  It is also quite sweet and charming, but that tends in my opinion to be its downfall rather than a strength.  The books are engaging and laugh-out-loud funny, whereas the story here is drastically altered and toned down, so most of the laughs are no longer there.  Anne Hathaway is very pretty and appealing as leading lady Mia Thermopolis, but her performance is sort of bland.  Julie Andrews is far sweeter as her grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi, than the deliciously evil character of "Grandm&eacute;re" depicted in the Princess Diaries books.  These weaknesses are somewhat compensated for by the addition of two great original characters: Joe (Hector Elizondo), who drives Princess Mia's royal limousine, and Mia's eccentric neighbor Mr. Robitussin.  Also fun to watch is Paolo, Mia's royal hairdresser, who always refers to himself in the third person.  I regret that I was unable to catch the names of these last two actors. All in all, The Princess Diaries is an enjoyable film that you will probably like seeing, but the books are better.
My wife and I purchased this DVD (IL VOLO) after watching the three young tenors on PBS for the very first time.  These singers are very talented teenagers whose vocal power is truly astonishing.  Whether they sing as a group or solo, they do so with great passion.  The harmony that they produce and deliver is flawless and outstanding (sharp, clear, delightful, invigorating, pleasantly resonant); and together with the singers' clean and wholesome appearance, good mannerism, humility and charm, the whole experience of hearing them sing is breathtaking.  With all due respect to the old three tenors (Pavarotti, Domingo, and Carreras), the new arrivals (Piero, Gianluca, and Ignazio) outperform the old; frankly, I think that they outperform Andrea Bocelli as well.  I wish that IL VOLO will remain in flight for a very long time, soaring higher and higher, and continue to bring joy to everyone who appreciates good music.  For all of these reasons, I highly recommend this DVD, but it should be noted that the sound/video quality can only be as good as the sound/video output capability of the TV and DVD player that you use.
This DVD is a total waste of time and money.  I was looking for a good overview of American history for my elementary aged children, but this video is completely inappropriate for young viewers.  The scenes flash so rapidly that you cannot even discern what is taking place.  But as the dramatic, foreboding music indicates, it's all gloomy and dreary doomesday fare.  I never knew that "The Story of Us" was so depressing and frightening with one tragedy followed by another and nothing to celebrate other than man's depravity.
Just funny as hell.  You have to watch it to understand.  Best Christmas movie ever.
Just when it seems like the action genre off moviemaking is about to be played, another movie comes out with a ridiculous plot, over-the-top characters who are unfamiliar with the situation, and suspenseful action sequences, some of which have nothing to do with the story at hand. "Proof of Life," starring Russell Crowe, Meg Ryan, and David Morse, jumps over all of these hurdles and manages to come out 90% unblemished. The story is unique and somewhat original, the characters are involving and intelligent, and there are no unneeded setpieces that clog up most other thrillers.  In the (fictional) country of Tecala, located in Latin America, Alice and Peter Bowman live out their lives. Peter heads up the construction of a dam to stop the flooding of small towns; she is just basically his wife throughout the movie, never really having a job or doing anything except shopping at the local outdoor market for fresh food. On his way to work one day, Peter takes a shortcut on a low mountain road, which is blocked off by a traffic jam. Soon, masked men with machine guns start jumping out of the woods, and everyone is taken from their vehicles and put into covered trucks, transported to an unknown stronghold in the mountains. Their motive: the dam project was taken over by another company in order to build a running oil pipeline through the superstructure, therefore pissing off the rebels, who now hold these people in return for some heavy-duty money.  Alice, learning of the kidnapping, employs the services of Terry Thorne, a former soldier who is now a kidnap-and-ranson negotiator for a firm that collects commissions for successful rescues. At first, he is hesitant to take the project, but later returns to it out of the goodness of his heart, despite his son that he has not spent any time with in months. He begins making contact with the kidnappers, bartering over the price that he must pay in order to receive a "proof of life," or solid confirmation that Peter is still alive. Soon, the show starts hitting too close to hom, and he realizes the only way he is going to rescue the man, and put to rest his yearning for Alice, is to find Peter and bring him back alive.  The movie proves that it fits into the suspense/thriller genre, even if it does fall a little short on its action sequences. Bowman's kidnapping and constant transfers across the mountains keep the tension building, and when he starts to yell and demand things of his captors, there is an incredible degree of intensity where the roles of preditor and prey are switched. This will prove to be one of the most thrilling moments of the movie; after that, the suspense does drop a few degrees to allow for the development of each character's attitude and emotion.  Another good aspect of the film is the minute yet unignorable spark of interest between Alice and Terry. Alice does not think anything more of him than the fact that he is the man who is helping her get her husband back. Terry, however, begins to develop feelings for her through the remorse he feels over her situation, and there are moments where you can see it in him that he just wishes to reach out and console her. This is where screenwriter Tony Gilroy and director Taylor Hackford are able to play on Alice's emotions; we know that she is moved by his feelings once they are revealed in the film, and whether or not she will do anything about them lets down on the emotion we feel for her, shifting that focus onto her captive husband.  The actors cast for this film all have a wonderful chemistry whne onscreen, whether it be romantic or moving. Russell Crowe is the perfect choice for agent Thorne. He is able to play out each move of his character, and each line of dialogue, with an elevated level of authenticity and believability. Meg Ryan, as usual, sparkles in her role of Alice Bowman, shifting from the supportive wife to the emotional would-be widow. In this kind of movie, you would expect Alice to become disheartened and overly emotional in the crucial moments of the film. Instead, the film gives Ryan a chance to play her character as powerful and with an emotion that reaches over sadness for strength and determination. It is David Morse, who plays Peter Bowman, that is the truly impacting character of the entire story. His performances, especially in the scene of conflict with his captor, make him the character to pull for in the end. By the time the action truly sets in, all you will want is to see him make it out alive and reunite with his wife, whom he truly loves.  While the suspense does tend to fall out in certain moments, it does not ruin the overall impact "Proof of Life" has to offer its viewers. Everything falls into place at the right time: the action, the budding yet doomed "romance" between Thorne and Alice, and the struggle of a man to simply make it in one of the most extreme situations imagineable. A very nice action thriller for fans of the stars involved and those looking for intensity and excitement.
Who can turn down this movie.. No one.. My kids just love watching it and I love watching it with them its just the best
The movie itself is enjoyable but the picture and sound quality is less than desirable.  It also has tracking problems.  I tried it on two different machines and it wouldn't track out completely on either one.  The lack of desirable picture and sound quality, as well as the tracking problems, are probably due to it having been copied at the EP speed instead of the SP speed as it should have been. I am very upset about the condition of this recording and I wouldn't buy another recording, tape or disk, put out by this particular company.
While so much of what they pass off today as fantasy is nothing more than CGI swill "The Shadow" is a breath of fresh air.  It has fantastic production design and jawdropping effects that actually serve the story.  It contains intelligent characters and dialogue.  Alec Baldwin and Penelope Ann Miller are throwbacks to the era the film portrays with Baldwin dapper as Lamont Cranston and Miller absolutely glamorous as Margo Lane.  The underutilized John Lone makes for a compelling adversary to the Shadow.  Do yourself a favor and discover this unheralded gem.
This cheapy version of Griffith's "Intolerance" (as opposed to the Kino version) is practically unwatchable -- out of focus, poorly scanned, and at times you can even detect tracking lines (i.e. this DVD was simply transferred from a videocassette version).  Would not recommend at all.  Check out the Kino version, as they tend to do good job at transfering old silent films to DVD.  The 1 star review is not reflective of Griffith's film.  It is one of my favorite silent films and probably the most ambitious film ever made in terms of casting, sets and the enormity of the timespan of the four separate stories.  This film is probably much more representative of Griffith's acievements than the racist and way outdated "Birth of a Nation."  So this film deserves to be preserved properly, not in this bastardized cheapy version.  Alas, I got what I paid for :-(
The Amazon review for this movie is right on the dot. I do think that this movie is still more daring than 90% of the films you'll see today. Jon Voigt is fantastic as a naive small-town hustler who traps himself in a big  city. A big reason to see this movie is for the shots of bohemian 42nd  street before Guiliani's henchmen moved in and "disneyfied" it...
This may very well be the most complete version of Metropolis since the film first debuted. I won't go into the plot, but after nearly 80 years Metropolis is still an engrossing film and good piece of sci-fi. The first hour of the film may cause some sleepiness but I promise you'll be captivated by the end.  The audio on the DVD is outstanding. 5.1 audio really manages to do the score justice.  The film is silent(no spoken dialogue), but character's emotions come through quite clearly if exaggerated. Inserted text fills the viewer in on the missing plot due to the still missing pieces of film.  The appearance of the film is great. The cinematography is amazing, the art deco is interesting, and the pyrotechnics are outstanding (for their time). Altogether Metropolis is a great movie and this is a great restoration of it. If you don't buy it at least find some way to view it.
There are some artists such as Thomas Pynchon, James Joyce and Ornette Coleman that transcend the apparent limitations of the artistic fields in which they toil. Their work is deeper and more expansive than that of their colleagues, opening doors of multiple perspectives that encourage limitless ways of seeing and experiencing the world(s) that we too often take for granted. David Lynch is one of those artists.  Inland Empire is a visual and aural masterpiece, a seamless work of art, a tour de force of imagination and poetic skill. For those who like their art pure and without boundaries, I'm of the opinion that Inland Empire is one of the greatest films of all time. And the rabbits are pure genius.
This film is a nice change of pace, something different than the norm. A man takes a magic pill and transforms into a genius but not without consequences and one big sht storm. The acting was good, story good and unique, direction good, vibrant colors, cinematography good, dialog really good. Overall 4-1/2 Stars. I will always tell it like I see it. Scott M
You can't beat a good pixar flick and I love! The whole blu-Ray/DVD/digital disk. I just wish the powers that be would just ease the fudge up and let people from all over the world enjoy them. I mean I paid for the movie didn't I? My moneys the same isn't it? So why am I punished because of where I live? I'm sure it makes sense somewhere...  Anyway great product great movie great delivery! As long as you live in America.
This is a gentle film about lives and loves disrupted, the consequences of political exile, good food lovingly prepared, and a charming town on the Caspian sea. Contrary to a previous reviewer'r's opinion, it is not at all ambiguous if you watch and listen carefully. I've watched it three times so far and I like it more each time... The place itself is so seductive, I keep wanting to just be there...
Oliver Twist has always been a personal favorite story of mine. I love the book. I love most of the movies. And, of course, I love the musical! Many directors and producers have tried to adapt Charles Dickens masterpiece of a novel, and only a few have really hit the mark. Two personal favorite of mine, besides the musical adaptation, are BBC's 1985 version, spawning over five hours lone. That version seems to capture every detail in Dickens book. Also, Roman Powlanski's version is another favorite of mine, capturing the gritty realism of the piece. But my favorite version has to be this, David Lean's masterpiece. In fact, David Lean's Oliver Twist, while it might not have every detail in Dickens novel as does the 1985 BBC version, it captures that same gritty realism that Roman Powlanski and so many others have copied off of. Beautifully shot and acted, this version soars above every other attempt at the story. Upon my first viewing I could not believe that this was a movie of the 40's! The camera movements and cinematography and use of special effects were so beyond the times, and a testament to the greatness of David Lean. This truly is a classic version of a classic story!
I watched "Gamers" because I'm a gamer and I love making fun of myself and my hobbies. I also was duped by the number of well known actors such as Beverly D'Angelo, Kelly LeBrock, William Katt, etc. I'm not sure if the writers' lives were destroyed by a role-playing game or they simply couldn't think of anything more original than the clich&eacute;'s, fowl language, and hate found in this script. Yes, we all know that every gamer is a virgin, has a dead end job and lives in their mother's basement.  If you're looking for light hearted fun, look elsewhere. I can recommend "Dorkness Rising".
I purchased this DVD for my daughter who loved this movie.  This is not just a chick-flick, it is a great comedy about relationships.
I am really enjoying the series Life.  I think Oprah is doing a very good job, I do however love David Attenborough, so I know I would enjoy his commentary.  People seem to be a bit negative for no real good cause, Oprah is easy to listen to and she may help people see and appreciate the planet, who may not have been familiar with David Attenborough.  That in my mind is a good thing.  And, as the lucky consumer, you get to choose who narrates the show you purchase... lucky you!  Either version should be watched.  The images are fantastic.  I hope it helps you to fall more deeply in love with this planet that we share with all sorts of extraordinary life.
Charming and hazardous card player Bret Maverick makes his way to a big poker championship, with a half million dollar prize up for grabs. And he has competition from the clunning Annabelle Brandsford, who he meets on the way there. Another contender is the sheriff Zane Coburn, frown-faced gun-slinger Angel and others. The catch is that before the championship, everyone has to put up 25 thousand dollars.
Did I hear the word Oscar? This film deserves more than an Oscar. It deserves 100 Oscars!!! I wouldn't know where to begin with what deserves the Oscar. Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger and Richard Gere all bring out their hidden talents and perform one of the greatest musicals of all time!!!  I fell in love with Moulin Rouge and I knew that I would love this one too. And I did. Full of color, liquor and all that jazz, this musical was born by first-time director Rob Marshall, who also did the choreography!!! Who wouldn't want to be a part of this?  My favorite scene of the film is where they perform the Cell Block Tango. The performance by Catherine, Mya and the other supporting performers was outstanding, exotic and funny at the same time. If you are a lover of musicals, this is the film for you. I hope everyone gets a chance to see this movie. It is awesome. P.S. Congrats to CHICAGO on winning not one, but three Golden Globes. Chicago, you rock. The Oscars were on last night and what a show!!!  I loved the performance of I MOVE ON performed by Catherine Zeta-Jones and Queen Latifah.  It still bugs me why Renee didn't perform instead of Queen, because she sings the song on the soundtrack.  Besides that, CHICAGO won 6 OSCARS including BEST PICTURE!!!  Way to go!  Can't wait for the DVD!!!
This is my favorite Harry Hamlin movie.  I like when he plays Perseus and has the sword.  I get mad when he loses things, like when he loses his helmet and when he looses his shield.  Just because he kills Medusa doesn't mean he can be careless.  I like when he solves Andromeda's riddle and gets to marry her.  He beats the Kraken like I beat Sephiroth in Final Fantasy 7.  Harry Hamiln should have had a bigger career: this could have been his "Conan."  Then he could be governor, too.  If you like Marc Singer in Beastmaster, you'll love Harry Hamlin in this movie.  Also, this movie is on TV sometimes.  If you don't want to buy it right now, you can watch it on TV.  It's probably on right now.  I think you should buy this movie though and pretend that it's on TV.  You can say, "I think I'll watch some TV, I wonder if Clash of the Titans is on."  Then you can put it in the DVD player and watch it pretending that you're watching TBN.
First of all, I have to say that the movie itself gets 5 stars.  This review is of the actual Blu-ray version of 28 Days Later.  This was probably the worst up-conversion I have ever seen.  The movie somehow seemed blurrier than the DVD version (which I also own).  I thought that High Definition meant that the video clarity was supposed to improve.  Maybe I was wrong.  However, I will concede that at the very end of the film (when the characters are outdoors on the countryside) it does appear to be 1080p High Definition for that one section of the movie.  Maybe the creators wanted to keep a gritty feel throughout the first 98% of the movie to express the negativity of the infection, but as a fan of High Definition, I was supremely disappointed to see such a blurry, pixelated mess.  Another negative thing about this was that I was able to see more things on screen (even though they were blurry) and I saw an irritating blooper early on in the film that I had never noticed on the DVD version.  When Jim is wandering around the city "alone" there is a wide shot in which I could see a vehicle traveling in the background.  It really ruined the tone of the film at that point because as a viewer I was supposed to feel the intense isolation that Jim was experiencing and instead I felt annoyed.  Please remember that I absolutely LOVE this movie, but buying the Blu-ray was a waste of money.  If you already own the DVD, DO NOT BUY THE BLU-RAY.
I loved these episodes and my entire family including the kids love the humor this series gives us in spades.
I am not a dog person but even I couldn't resist this movie. It was adorable, yet, not too childish. I love Disney and I'm so glad I gave this a chance. I was surprised by how much I actually liked it. It certainly is better than alot of the newer Disney stuff coming out. Parents and children alike will surely love it.
I AM LEGEND IS EXCELLENT MOVIE AND THIS MOVIE WAS IMPRESSIVE. ALSO THIS MOVIE WAS NEVER STOP RUNNING FROM AWAY THE MONSTER OR ZOMBIE WHATEVER. THIS MOVIE HAS SPECIAL ALTERNATE ENDING SO THAT WAS COOL. THIS MOVIE MADE EXCELLENT. I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE.
Imagine a dystopic future where, after an epidemic of organ failures, a massive corporation known as GeneCo stepped in with the answer to people's problems. Not only could they get new organs, but they could afford them through a kind of organ financing plan (similar to making car payments or paying the mortgage). Once the epidemic past, however, GeneCo made new organs and anatomy-altering surgery a fashion statement and an accepted part of everyday life. With GeneCo's innovative system, you too can afford body parts that can cure your genetic deficiencies, injuries, enhance your natural senses and, of course, make you look better (think a kind of out-of-proportion plastic/cosmetic surgery). The only catch is that GeneCo was able to legalize organ repossession. If you aren't able to make payments on your organs, they'll send the repo man after you who will, quite literally, track you down and rip out your heart (or liver or kidney or whatever) since you couldn't pay for it. Oh, and did I mention that this is a musical? Yeah, it's an incredibly violent, dystopic, semi-satirical and somewhat messed-up rock opera stage musical turned into a movie.  With a scenario like this, I was intrigued. It's weird, I know (and the film is pretty stylized and weird), but sometimes you just gotta have some weird in your life. I went into this movie (now an underground cult classic) with high expectations and wasn't disappointed. The film follows the story of seventeen year-old Shilo Wallace (Alexa Vega), who inherited a blood disease from her now-deceased mother that prevents her from leaving her room. Not only is Shilo sick of her shut-in life and overprotective father, but she longs for a cure to her disease.  Meanwhile GeneCo founder and president Rotti Largo (Paul Sorvino) discovers that he has a terminal disease and is faced with having to find an heir for his empire, as well as the impending retirement of the "Voice of GeneCo" and star of the company's live TV program, "The Genetic Opera," Blind Mag (Sarah Brightman). Rotti feels that his three children Luigi (Bill Moseley), Pavi (Nivek Orge) and Amber Sweet (Paris Hilton) are horrible disappointments (each one is messed up in some way), and doesn't want to leave the company to any of them.  There are so many elements that this movie brings together fairly well. The tone is somewhat dark, but kooky and almost comic book-y, enough so that the over-the-top violence seems nearly comedic and cartoon-like. Many of the characters are also really over-the-top in order to make a point, in particular the Largo children, Luigi, Pavi and Amber Sweet. Luigi is a homicidal manic who fatally stabs anyone who so much as bumps into him or brings him cold coffee; Pavi is a womanizing pervert who hides his horribly scarred face with interchangeable faces stolen from female victims; Amber Sweet is a spoiled brat and wannabe singer who is addicted to surgery and street-grade pain killers (not much of a stretch for Paris Hilton, I might add). The music is pretty good too. While I won't be listening to the soundtrack in my spare time, the songs are enjoyable and do a good job of telling the story while relying information about characters. Virtually the entire film is sung, so if you don't like musicals, this could be difficult for you to get into.  A tough one to make mainstream, Repo! will appeal to fans of off-beat films, semi-corny violence and outrageous dystopias. The film has a very niche group of fans, but for what it is, Repo! is enjoyable, compelling, and thought-provoking. The ending implies that there will be a sequel, and the director has said that the original idea was to make this a three-movie series. I'd like to see that come to life, but it's tough to tell since the movie was not made that much money to date due to its obscure nature and niche appeal. I can only hope...
Although I didn't find this movie to be among my absolute favorites ever, it was still a delight to watch. Nicholas Cage has the courage to take on roles that don't seem suited to him and then make them work for him. This time around, he's an ambitious executive, so committed that he works straight through Christmas (and expects his employees to do the same). Then, in a sudden twist of fate, he gets a chance to see what his life would be like if he'd married his college sweetheart. I didn't expect to like this one, not particularly impressed by either the promos or word of mouth.  But I found this one suprisingly believable with plenty of action and a nice chemistry between Cage and Tea Leoni. There's plenty of humor, too and even the child actors do a great job in their roles. Cage is great as the exec who has a hard time accepting a lower class life than the one he'd had, not to mention the additional responsibilities of being a husband and father, not exactly something you can learn overnight. As time goes on and he sees all he's missed by living life in the fast lane, he undergoes a change but it isn't a quick one. It is a growing realization that evolves quite realistically, slowly, even in fits and starts. The ending of this one may surprise you as it isn't exactly what you'd expect - no nice neat, packaged ending.
Coppola is a friggin' genius.  This is a great adaptation.  The cinematography is beautiful.  Gary Oldman, Winona Ryder, and Anthony Hopkins all should've got Oscars for this.  The only bad thing about the movie is Keanu Reeves.  His character is so boring and his English accent is terrible.
I'm not going to give you little details and techno-jibber-jabber.... you want to know one thing - do I really need to upgrade? The answer is yes! I honestly don't think I have seen this well done of a restoration - so sharp, looks natural - to paraphrase Spielberg in one of the extras on the restoration process - it looks better than it did in the theaters!  Seriously, I've seen a few "restoration" versions that are just upscaled, or some that suffer from too much added light sources... this one sets the benchmark! I hope as much attention will be spent on the upcoming Universal 100th Anniversary Bluray editions...
Great example of a 70's "thriller" movie. The giant fake ants are pretty good for the time it was made. It also has the obvious funny shots with real ants ( pre CGI ). It worth watching for the 1970's atmosphere....that is something they can't duplicate now days.
Highlander. Where do I begin? I enjoy the whole story line of being immortal and fighting other immortals, slicing their heads off with swords. There can be only one! I didn't see this movie until I was like 17 which was what like 3 years ago, and this movie has no era to me, just the past and the future. Its like it was neither old or new to me, it was just a cool movie. I bought it for many reasons, I like to have unique movies added to my collection. I'm very choosy with movies I like. This one won a spot on my shelf. If you like sword fighting. If you like fantasy type stuff. If you like a little bloodshed. If you like being forever young. If you like Queen. If you like men with long hair and kilts and say aye, then this movie is for you.
The first time I saw "The Manchurian Candidate." I went so far as to think it was the worst film of the year. But then I noticed that everyone around me started to like it, so I figured. Why not? I watched it again and you can tell by my review that I liked it this time. The film is truly brilliant, it's got great cinematography, the acting is spectacular.  Academy Award Winning director Jonathan Demme (Best Director, "The Silence of the Lambs.") is just amazing. The only true problem(s) I have with the film is, the ending which is way to drawn out, the beginning credit sequence (which is WAY TO DRAWN OUT) and the acting by Liev Schreiber is at some times horrendous. Schreiber is quite possibly one of my least favorite actors. The movies main character is Major Bennet Marco (Two Time Academy Award Winner Denzel Washington, Best Supporting Actor "Glory" and Best Actor "Training Day"). Marco served in Operation Desert Storm along side Raymond Shaw (Schreiber). The way things played out is rather mysterious to Marco. After the enemy opened fire, Shaw saved the entire crew and won the medal of honor. But, the crew also disappeared for three days. Now, Shaw is running for vice president (the man also happens to be somewhat of a mommas boy for Senator Eleanor  Shaw (the terrific Meryl Streep). Marco begins having dreams and begins to uncover a conspiracy that involved Shaw and Manchurian Global, a big time company. Now, before I saw the film I wasn't familiar with what was gonna happen. I didn't know about the conspiracy part which is what I think turned me off about the movie. But, after my second viewing I noticed that this movies melds (perfectly) a number of genres:  Drama, comedy, horror, action, paranoid thriller, etc. One of the most entertaining films of 2004, see "The Machurian Candidate".  A-  PS, I have never seen the original. This review is for this film and is not compared to the book or original film in any way.
What happens when Europeans apply their methods of closet drama to make an "epic"?  You have the usual main characters whom you don't like at first sight and want to get away from as quickly as possible once you get to know them better.  You have no action whatever on screen for the entire 165 minutes (not three hours).  You have brief glimpses rather than scenes.  For instance, WWI is three glimpses, none of which involve battles or anything as vulgar as that.  You have a lot of talk, which is believed by the characters and by the filmmaker to be profound and insightful, but which is merely stupid.  You have people who are able to manufacture misery out of thin air.  Even when they're living in an idyllic Swiss villa with no need to work, they manage to be miserable.  You have the work of a factory lovingly portrayed with many, many glimpses.  It is sad that people have been made to regard such posturing as art, and even sadder that some people take such sick observations about life seriously.  The only profound remark in the entire film is that love is what matters.  True, it is; but this film does not illustrate that.  Still less does it make the audience feel that.
OMG OMG = (Oh My God)  At the end of it, I was the person who felt like tucking my tail between my legs....  I have been a lover of Opera for the last 40 years. I am sad and happy that I did not take a Janacek Opera as seriously as I should have. Sad that I am about to cut such a sorry figure here, and Happy that I have come across a work that has appealed to me in the first ever hearing... an experience I have rarely had.  THIS REVIEW (Actually Comment) IS MEANT FOR IDIOTS LIKE ME WHO HAVE NOT EXPERIENCED THE BEAUTY OF THIS OPERA. All others need not read this.  Having said that, I would like to confess that I had given Janacek the short shrift almost all my life of Operas composed by him. I thought I had it all... Wagner.. Humperdink... Debussy... Berg.. name them all... but had neglected listening to Janacek. I did today... and the effect was more than just magical. I do not remember in the last 40 years wherein a work, whether opera, ballet, symphony, chamber or anything else having had an INSTANT appeal as I have had today with this one. I cannot review it, as I have not yet heard another recording of this one... I can only comment on the effect it had on me.  For those who have never heard this earlier, ... 10 stars... buy it, especially if you dig 20th century works. I am one of those who has listened and seen it for the first time. I can bet my last penny that most lovers of serious music have never experienced this one.  The music is just gorgeous. That swings it to start with. The performance of it comes through like velvet. The staging is, just fabulous, and the recording in hi-def is as expected of it.  Unlike my other reviews, this does not qualify... for the simple reason that I have not had the opportunity of seeing another production (except on You Tube) that too, today. I intend buying DVDs of this production that have come out earlier to get a different perspective of the work.  All I can say is, for those who have been Idiots like me, who have not bothered to hear, listen and see it on either stage or on video, please give it a chance, and I will assure you, THOU SHALL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.  BUY IT. To those who are either Czeck and familiar with the work or those familiar with it, feel free to let me know about this work and performances that are good and available on the Video...
MTV&Mike judge have ruined Beavis&Butthead show by releasing this dvd, I think they should stop the process of making vol.2 and start seriously fixing this problem  by producing the original B&B seasons dvd set.
This is a very tedious and tiresome "buddy movie" which were in fashion in the early 1980's. There is a stupid plot about money hidden away and Nick Nolte makes the very astute observation that Eddie's Murphy's character is still a "lowlife" no matter how he dresses or what car he drives. This movie was also made at the time when men stopped shaking hands and started hugging each other. Perhaps Hollywood was trying to send a "Subliminal Message" ?I give this movie 5 stars because Eddie is on the hunt for "trim" ( as he so delicately suggests to a woman)which is what any normal released con would do and that is about the only believable thing in this trash.
Yes, the body count is very high, the main reason why this movie was classified as a horror.  It deserves much more credit than that.  This movie was excellent.  It's nothing like any other horror flic.  You will be surprised, a little scared, and cheering at the same time.  After seeing this one, all I could think was "wow."  Seeing is believing
This movie is basically crazy! The action is so over the top and the acting is terrible. But, I enjoyed it because of all those reasons. I believe this movie was purposely meant not to be taken seriously.  Now, for those of you that are turned off by the "over the top" action stunts, this may be a bad choice of a movie for you. This isn't like The Bourne Supremacy where we get that feeling of a thriller with a sense of reality to it. In Transporter 2, your eyes will be blown away by super fast martial arts fights, explosions, and insane car chases. Take this for example, the highlighted action stunt is when Frank Martin (Jasom Statham) finds a bomb under his car. What does he do? He drives his Audi off a ramp and turns the car upside down in front of a crane in mid-air. The hook on the end of the crane catches the bomb and plucks it off the car as the car turns over right side up.  Jason Statham is an incredible action star. He's got that perfect tough-guy voice that gives you that hardcore hero kind of feeling. He's similar to Vin Diesel in XXX in the sense of how well he drives and kicks villians' "butts", but he's much more suave and sophisticated giving him more of an edge. His character in this movie is Frank Martin, the chauffeur of a little boy who gets kidnapped. Frank must do whatever it takes to get the boy back.  I'd say this is a great movie to go and have fun in. Don't take the explosive action scenes and 200 mph martial arts fights literally. Just sit back and laugh at 'em. It's meant to be enjoyed that way.
I wish Bill Murray would get back to doing movies such as this, Scrooged and What About Bob.  This is absolutely my favorite of his movies because of the witty dialogue and physical comedy.  It is such a great storyline-having to repeat Groundhog Day over and over again.  Andy MacDowell is great as the love interest, and Chris Elliot is hilarious as the cameraman.  The chance of you loving this movie is 100%!
If you know anyone with an addiction or you are an addict yourself, this is the movie to keep in your library.  Michael protrays the challenges of coming to terms with addiction....from denial to acceptance, with the realistic kicking and screaming that comes with it.  I watch it everytime I feel the need to remember how far I have come and how quickly I can go back, if I let my guard down.  It's a must see.
This is the best Tannhauser presently available, chiefly because of Waltraud Meier, as Venus.  A major key in the success of a visual production of Tannahauser is an attractive Venus.  That's not something most of us, surrounded by political correctness, like to hear, but the essential tension in the story is set up by Heinrich's attraction to the sensual aspects of life (Venus) as opposed to "ideal" or more platonic or  altruistic love (Elisabeth). You only have to hear Waltraud Meier's passionate pleading with Heinrich (Rene Kollo), and see her writhing on the long dining table to feel Heinrich's attraction to the sensual side of life.  I don't agree with the reviewers who have said that Kollo's or Weikl's voices were "past it."  A few times, there may be a hint of straining, but generally they are excellent.  Kollo makes up for any hint of weakness through  great acting which he brings to the role of Tannhauser, especially as he taunts the other knights during the singing contest.  I was not blown away as others were by Nadine Secunde (Elisabeth).  Her singing is quite good, but certainly it did not steal the show.  When it comes to stealing the show, I'm not sure whether it was Wagner's "Evening Star" song, or Bernd Weikl's performance of it.  If you can watch and listen to that song, without tears welling up in your eyes, you must be made of stone.
as pefect as a movie can be. everytjng little3 thing inz thiz film makez pefect sense. i loved everything about this movie. and i know how to spot a geatr film. and this iz itz.
What a classic!  I've always enjoyed old, classic movies....and "Some Like It Hot" is one of my favorites!  It's hilarious and definitely a favorite of mine.
The quality of the product was new and in excellent condition. The delivery arrived sooner than I expected.  Overall, the execution of ordering, delivery, quality of product, were excellent.  The movie itself was bad!
This is an excellent entertaining movie if you plan to have a relaxing and fun evening.  Predictability and absence of more in-depth context - so much critisized by other reviewers here - to my mind does it's job of making this movie light and funny.  Though some scenes and plot are not consistent (e.g.Angie's expectations to write about politics & development while working for COmposure?..), you don't really care after you have laughed so much.  MAtthew is terribly sexy, and so is Kate (though she would have benefited from padded bra).  I would definitely recommend it for girls' night out or with your partner after a stressful week.
Great movie just a lot of good fun with a great message that is poinient in this day and age. A must see for all ages.
The Chinese Connection is a truly exemplary kung fu movie. Replete with laughable fight scenes, whiplash sound effects, and attrocious dubbing, the Chinese Connection will satisfy your cravings for random violence and unintentional humor!  When Bruce Lee's kung-fu teacher is killed, an evil Japanese kung fu school comes to take over the Chinese dojo! Countless brawls ensue as the leader of the Japanese dojo, fearsome fat man with horn-rimmed glasses, leads his students into battle.  The only downside to this movie is a dull middle. The beginning and end are crammed full of action, but nothing happens in the middle.
With one of the best casts in this year's films, you'll get fine acting, subtle humor and a quest for atonement that will bring a smile to your face.  A reporter in love pain tries to earn is salt by (trying) going to war scenery. There he meets a veteran who belonged to a ultra secret and special unit - The new world army! US military trained individuals with special skills like, yes, killing goats with a stare, among much other stuff as preposterous.  We have a dual quest here: The reporter Bob Wilton to prove his worth and Lyn Cassady to make up for using is powers for evil - the Dark side - and killing a goat (and as everybody knows "No goats no glory").  With so many films with special military units or agents with weird capacities like GI Joes, James Bonds, which can do anything it's difficult for many viewers to realize that this isn't one of those films. This is supposed to be the "real world"! Not an action flick. That is the fun of it. The military are usually the most serious and logical persons, they rarely tolerate nonsense; and to watch a country like USA invest considerable resources to create Jedi's it's really funny. Usually the trick to really appreciate action or fantasy movies is to concentrate only in the inner logic of the movie, suspend disbelief...here is the opposite. You have to use your judgment like you were watching a documentary - then you'll have laughs.  There are some extra nuggets like Ewan McGregor asking "What's a Jedi?". For those of you that haven't watched Star Wars, Ewan McGregor interpreted Obi Wan Kenobi - a Jedi!
This was a B movie but I enjoyed it.  I really like Norman Reedus, so I will collect his movies even when they aren't Oscar material.
This is the greatest Saturday afternoon movie that was ever made (even though I saw it on a Saturday night in 1958 when I was nine years old). From the fascinating prologue narrated by Orson Welles to the climatic fight between Kirk Douglas and Tony Curtis, "The Vikings" will engage and entertain you.  "The Vikings" was beautifully shot on location by Jack Cardiff who received an Academy Award in 2001 for life-time achievemnet in cinematography. The beautiful music score is heroic and elegiac. The acting is slightly over-the-top, but the wonderful cast (Ernest Borgnine, Frank Thring, James Donald, and Janet Leigh) makes it all fun. I have this film on VHS and still love it today.
Music and Lyrics isn't exactly anything new. It's a contender for the typical run-of-the-mill romantic-comedy movie but surprisingly it's watchable without being cloyingly sweet.  What made the movie work had to be the lead cast of Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore who play a washed-out 80's pop star, Alex Flecther, reduced to singing at graduation reunions and Sophie Fisher, a florist respectively. A chance meeting brought them both together when Alex was writing a song for superstar Cora Corman played to great aplomb by Haley Bennett. Sophie became his unwilling lyricist and later, lover. Of course, there's Sophie's sister played by the OTT Kristen Johnson who lights up the screen as an  Alex-Fletcher die-hard fan who finally sees his idol up close.  The songs, mostly written by Fountains of Wayne bassist, Adam Schlesinger, work for the most part. Pop Goes The Heart has the sound of 80s Wham while Way Back Into Love is a piece of contemporary pop. Avant and Bloodshy contributes Buddha's Delight sung by the ditzy, Buddha-loving Cora whose character is unbelievably fashioned after Miss Spears. The tear-jerker must be the solo piano onstage performance of Don't Write Me Off by Grant. The surprise here is that the trio Grant, Barrymore and Bennett sing with adequacy and for the most part, they looked like they had fun.  For initial skeptics like me, catch Music and Lyrics for it leaves a sweet aftertaste thereafter.
"Mary Poppins" remains the ultimate Disney musical that both entertains and, in a lighthearted tone, sends a sweet message to children and grown-ups alike. This might sound melodramatic, but anybody who has gotten so deep into the "9 to 5" work routine to the point that they miss the "here and now" could totally relate to this fine work!  Such a passionate statement rings true in almost any age; "Mary Poppins" is a wake-up call, a scathing assault on the mindless conformity that runs rampant in any modern society. I can't hum "Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" without also thinking "Protagasubterfugerist et antiphlogistic!" Cheery tunes about nonsensical words indeed mix with angry Greek slogans demanding that the apathetic sloth we call society be energized with the inflammation that is the rising public anger latent in a hollowed culture. Credit for the swift delivery of prosaic force that drives home this angry attack on modern corporate society should go to director Robert Stevenson, who directed many popular Disney films. "Mary Poppins" is a departure for Stevenson; unlike his "nuclear family" hits like "Son of Flubber," this body of work reveals a brave soul letting out a Guajardian cry for help. This is most abundant in the melodic tune of discontent disguised as joy "I Love To Laugh," a symbolic parody revealing that laughing at jokes rife with dark humor spears our souls with a hallucinatory effect, delivering us to heights we may never return from, all while the impoverished starve and the farm animals sicken in the fields. Guajardian musical lyrics have never been better! I can't help but believe this film was a cathartic exercise for Stevenson. Unlike his feelgood movies, this is a focused and consistent work. There is only one other Robert Stevenson film I can think of where he seems to cut deep with his personal creative punch. That 1971 work parallels "Mary Poppins" with its upbeat sardonic songs, but also effectively utilizes surreal gothic imagery, chilling Wiccan chants and disturbing apocalyptic overtones. And while that particular film, "Bedknobs and Broomsticks," delivers an almost Warholian assault on fascism, "Mary Poppins" reigns proudly as the pinochle of Robert Stevenson's body of work.
Season 8 was the first season aired on ABC, which meant a few changes were in store.  In terms of production, a reduced budget meant that each main character was absent from 2 or 3 episodes.  This format actually worked well, as each episode was able to go a little more in depth on certain characters or relationships.  The other minor production change was the outtakes or bloopers added during the end credits, an improvement over the photo stills from previous seasons.  Season 8 was the last season featuring the original ensemble cast.  A LOT of material was crammed into a shorter season to tie up the loose ends.  Most things were done right: JD and Elliot got back together; the interns received meaningful airtime and actually mattered; Kelso became relevant to the storyline again; and a nice multi-episode guest spot by Courtney Cox.  Still, there was the ever-present feeling that the Scrubs world as we knew it had changed: JD had a beard, a baby, and a house; Cox was the new chief; the Janitor got married; and Ted got a girlfriend.  Overall, Season 8 rebounded nicely after one or two so-so seasons and almost got back to the high bar it set for itself in the first few seasons.  The season as a whole was well done (even if the last episode was overly sappy).  The main plotlines were wrapped up nicely, and even though Scrubs is one of my favorite shows, this last season really drilled home the message that things have changed, and it was time to move on.
I was looking at this mostly because I've enjoyed the actresses in this film's previous work.  But this movie never game them a chance to act.  I was lost through most of the movie as to why things were just now happening.  The only noteworthy feature is that it has a True HD audio track.
Il existe donc d&eacute;sormais une trilogie, un tryptique : In cold blood, Capote, et Infamous. Ok, un peu comme les tryptiques de Fancis Bacon, mais avec beaucoup moins de sang. Justement, dans Love is the Devil, l'amant de Francis Bacon &eacute;tait incarn&eacute; par Daniel Craig, que l'on retrouve ici, dans Infamous, apr&egrave;s avoir &eacute;t&eacute; un flamboyant James Bond... Alors, faisons les comptes : dans cette trilogie-tryptique, j'opte pour : Scott Wilson (In cold blood), Philip Seymour Hoffman (Capote) et Daniel Craig (Infamous)... "Chacun &agrave; son got".
First off, I don't know what the DVD's looked like because I didn't own them.  I've watched the first three movies out of this set and am amazed at the quality.  The first movies were shot twenty years ago and they look just as, or almost as, crisp and sharp as any other new HD movie I've seen.
"Apollo 13" is my favorite dramatic movie of all time. The Apollo program still intrigues me, and I still regard it as the greatest technological triumph in the history of the world. Before Ron Howard made this movie, most people had forgotten about Apollo other than knowing that men walked on the moon (though there are those that dispute even that now): some could recall Neil Armstrong's name, but few could remember anything more.  Ron Howard and Tom Hanks did the world a great favor by reminding people of the human risk and personal sacrifice required by the Astronauts and their families. "Apollo 13" is not only a great work of cinema; it is a great historical document that will last long after the last of the Apollo Astronauts has passed on.  The film itself is absolutely stunning, with breathtaking effects, and many scenes filmed in the NASA C-135 "Vomit Comet" parabolic flight "Zero-G" aircraft. This film stands the test for realism and drama. I am extremely familiar with the Apollo mission profiles, and am impressed by the accuracy of the production, although certain concessions to absolute accuracy were made to tell the story in two hours out of necessity, and many of the technical conversations include background information that the real participants would not have bothered with as it would be obvious information to them. Nonetheless, the film is very authentic looking, which I attribute to the Howard and Hanks authenticity requirements, as well as having Dave Scott as a technical advisor.  The extras are great; I particularly liked the other Apollo 13 documentary, although I was a bit less enthused by the "Conquering Space" offering. The best extra is the commentary track with Jim and Marilyn Lovell, which explains what they like about the film, interesting backstory information, and occasional technical corrections from Jim.  This is the best drama I have ever seen. Buy this one today: it's a keeper.
If you like action/horror films, find zombies terrifying (and therefore, excellent scary movie material), have a thing for Milla Jovovich, or most likely, have played and LOVED any of the many Resident Evil video games out there, then you need to check out this awesome film and its even better sequel. Personally, Milla is a bit too "stereotype super model" for my taste, but she's made some great movies, few things scare me more than Romero-stlye zombies, and  the Resident Evil games are the shiznight! Especially part 2, with the delectable Claire Redfield! Anywho, Resident Evil (the movie) is a sort of prequel to the video games, so don't worry if you're unfamiliar with them. The plot goes something like this: The Umbrella Corporation is the most powerful commercial entity in the world, producing a variety of cosmetic and other type products, but making their real money off illegal scientific research and development. Their most horrific new discovery is the T-virus, a chemical agent capable of causing monstrous mutations and even bringing the dead back to life! As if that didn't make it a scary enough place to work, their main center of operations is a huge, underground research facility called "The Hive," located deep below the surface of Raccoon City. The only entrance to the facility is through the walls of a huge mansion on the outskirts of the city. The mansion is guarded by two security agents working for the company and under the guise of a newlywed couple. Everything is very well controlled and planned out, until the day the T-Virus is set loose!  Alice (Milla Jovovich), one of the security operatives guarding the mansion, wakes up to find herself naked and confused on the shower floor, with no memory of her life or identity. Suddenly, her home is stormed by a special ops team, and she and two mysterious men are taken prisoner. She soon is informed of who she is and who she works for, and that the strange circumstances are due to something gone wrong within the Hive. Using the secret entrance, the group travels via an underground train to the secret research facility, where they discover the worst has occurred. The T-Virus has escaped, the "Red Queen, the computer entity that controls the security of the underground lair, has killed all employees to minimize risk of spreading the contamination, and all those dead employees are slowly waking up....and they are hungry! Suddenly, the race is on to get back to the train and out of the mansion before the secret blast doors close-up and seal their doom! But, before they can save themselves,  they'll have to face the wrath of the Red Queen, the terror of some monstrously mutated dogs, a horrific creature called "The Licker," and an army of the living dead!  What makes "Resident Evil" such an excellent film is the style and attention with which it is executed. Even on a tight budget, the filmmakers, most of which were fans of the game themselves, went to great lengths to make this a movie worth watching again and again! The style of the game is ever present, from the extremely authentic scenes, creatures, and characters, to the brilliant sets, lighting, and camera angles. Homage is paid to great scifi/horror films of the past, as well as to "Alice in Wonderland," seemingly a favorite book of filmmakers all over. The cast is excellently chosen for this type of movie, and I'm particularly impressed with their love of the games. Michelle Rodriguez is frightening, even when not a zombie, and Eric Mabius looks computer generated himself! And I don't mind adding that the producer's sister makes quite a lovely Dr./zombie in the film. And speaking of zombies, thanks so much for sticking with the game and not making those new, fast moving style zombies we see so much in current horror. Those are scary, but they're nowhere near as creepy. Conserving their energy for when you're within reach, these zombies are fast when they need to be, their deceptive slowness making them all the more frightening! The new "Deluxe" version of the DVD isn't overwhelmingly loaded with extras, after all, it's still only one disc, but it does include a fun cast and crew commentary that brings to mind a favorite line from Zoolander: "A model, idiot." It also includes theatrical trailers and featurettes, a clip from Resident Evil: Apocalypse, a visual effects commentary, an alternate ending that I'm sooo happy they didn't use (the ending they DID use is awesome), and filmographies. An incredibly cool, must own film for all fans of the video game and zombie genres! And the sequel is even better!
I taped this movie when it appeared on PBS a few months ago, then I got busy and put it aside.  I finally watched it the other day and was very impressed with this story of how patriotic people were during WW2 and how the Stage Door Canteen made all service men feel welcome.  A cavalcade of stars and top notch big bands appear to make the boys feel at home and have a chance to enjoy their free time before eventually being shipped off to either Europe or the Pacific. Back in the day, many Hollywood stars donated their time to the Stage Door Canteen, providing entertainment as well as helping serve food and doing the cleanup afterward.  I enjoyed the budding romance between hostess Eileen and totally smitten soldier Dakota.  At first Eileen is more hung up on getting a role in a Broadway show than anything else, but later in the film she realizes that she'd been acting like a heel and really does have feelings for Dakota.  There are plenty of good performances as well, particularly by Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy; Ray Bolger(clowning around in the uniform jacket of the marine who kept asking him if he was Ray Bolger); and especially the music of the orchestras of Kay Kyser, Freddie Martin, Count Basie, Benny Goodman and Guy Lombardo. The brief screen appearance by the great Kate Hepburn is a very moving one.  A real treat for anyone who is a WW2 buff or into the 1940s music era.
It's been a long time since I've seen such a heart warming story. The characters expressions were fabulous and conveyed real feeling.
It is interesting that Writer and Creator Chris Carter decided to go big with such a movie (please don't get me wrong I am a die-hard fan of the X-Files TV series). This movie is just another over-glorified TV episode. If you like the X-Files TV series you would definitely like this movie. If not, it is just another science fiction movie with lots of special effects and no real plot (Muldaur and Scully chasing the same old "alien" theme and cigarette man trying to stop them). A disappointment. Paramount has made better Star Trek movies!!!!
After reading some of the reviews here I was reluctant to pick up the third series of this wonderful Britcom. I'm glad I used my own judgement instead of relying on others'. First: The change from film to tape doesn't really change the feel of the series. It does look more 'sitcomy', but the atmosphere is retained. Second: The Premise. It shouldn't really surprise anyone that Gareth has been dumped by his wife, you could see that in series one. Granted, Gareth is more whiney in this series, but characters are supposed to develop over time. Gareth and Everton do just that. Although not up to the level of the first two series, series three had me laughing out loud several times and is well worth viewing.
I just watched it with my wife and as usual it sparked a discussion with her. Tyler's movies tend to elicit lots of conversation and discussion. Lol. Would recommend to anyone who's watched the first one.
Attain greater levels of tranquility with this gentle, soothing program that harnesses the natural splendor of waterfalls. Designed to help with meditation exercises, the sights and sounds of waterfalls present a placid environment for practitioners to work in. With the effects ranging from a lowered heart rate to an improved air flow, there are many reasons why people looking to lower the stresses and strains of everyday life will find this NATURE'S BALANCE program extremely beneficial.  well the overall features are;  Widescreen - 2.35, Dolby Digital 5.1, Continuous Loop Play  Interactive Features, Chapter Selection.  Tracks:  1. HEADWATERS  2. ALLUVIAL RUNNINGS  3. JARDIN DEL AGUA  4. TRANSPIRATION  5. CASCADE  6. RETURN TO THE SOURCE
Preston Sturges' 1942 comedy gem "The Palm Beach Story" posits that people are so unused to good fortune that when it's dropped right into their laps, they have no idea what to do with it. And those people include the movie's audience.  The movie begins with a whirlwind exposition sequence which explains absolutely nothing. It's Sturges' nose-thumbing at movies which have nothing *but* exposition. He seems to be saying, "Must we explain everything from the get-go? Have some patience on this trip, and I'll get you there."  Soon enough, we meet Tom (Joel McCrea), a frustrated construction designer, and Jerry (Claudette Colbert), his equally frustrated wife. They live in a posh apartment but are constantly dodging bill collectors, until Jerry's chance run-in with a meat mogul known as "The Weenie King." (You think that's flouting the censors? Wait until you see Sturges's "The Miracle of Morgan's Creek" [1944].) When the Weenie King hears of Jerry's financial plight, he gives her a wad of money just because she's so darned cute. (Once you see Claudette Colbert, this will seem a bit more plausible.)  Far from feeling relieved, Tom is displeased that Jerry solved their financial woes with only a little flirting. Jerry counters that everything in life is "about sex" (Note to censors: Flout-flout), and eventually she leaves Tom and sets out on her own, solely to prove that she can get whatever she needs in life just by being a woman.  It's never shown whether Jerry proves this to herself or not. But along the way, she meets some memorable characters: the Ale and Quail Club (headed by Sturges veteran William Demarest); a millionairess (delightful Mary Astor) and her foreign-speaking boyfriend; and a soft-spoken yachtsman (Rudy Vallee), who falls for Jerry even after she accidentally breaks all of his pairs of glasses. All of these people love to talk, and Sturges obliges them with enough epigrams for a New Year's bash.  And for those who think Sturges couldn't direct as well as he wrote, I recommend the scene where a tipsy Tom and Jerry discuss their impending divorce. The scene begins with Tom trying to unzip the back of Jerry's dress for her, and it ends as one of the swooniest love scenes it has ever been my pleasure to witness.  And just when you think the movie has run out of steam, Sturges pulls a happy ending out of his hat that has you laughing through the closing credits. Smart and smarter--now, *there's* a trend Hollywood should have pursued.
Well packaged and good quality.  Arrived on the day promised. Everyone watched movie and enjoyed in the new Blue ray format.
Dumb horror thriller that not only does not make any sense what so ever but also has some of the worse acting ever by Keanu Reeves, who should not be in the film in the first place considering how bad he was in the main role. The only redeeming piece of acting in the whole movie comes from Rachel Weisz but she is literally alone in that reality while most of the actors involved look like they either were sleep walking in there roles or they did not want to be there in the first place. Peter Stormare was great as well but he's only in the last five minutes of the film and his role is really a bit part. I just found out recently that the characters were based on a comic book called Hellblazer judging by the free comic that came with the DVD and that little comic book was better written and better plotted than the main movie itself. Too bad the movie was not based around that book instead of the mess we have in this film. That would have been a cool film to see other than the garbage that is this film.
The Last Waltz is absolutely excellent. The music, commentary, film footage and guest artists make this movie a wonderful experience.
I was greatly looking forward to see this movie again - one of the best animations I have seen in years.  Unfortunately, the DVD was flawed and - in the middle - it jammed/tiled, to my embarrassment as I had invited many of my friends to see it.  What can be done to have it replaced?
Ok, so this movie is alright. I'm sure it would have been good if it wasn't the same thing that any other love movie has. There is no new, good humor and at the end it's just a sappy love story. Now, maybe the movie would be better if people hadn't told me it was "amazing" "the best movie ever" before i had seen it, because it definetly IS NOT. If you like corny love movies, or want to cuddle with your honey then i suppose this is a good movie, other than that do not expect too much depth out of this movie. The climatic emotional part isn't even exciting...it's just corny and lame...i say make your girlfriend pay for the movie when you rent it.
Total Recall is one of my favorite Sci Fi movies featuring Arnold. I am a fan of Sci Fi movies and had to have my own personal copy. Got a great price for it and shipping time was good. It came to me packaged as new and I enjoyed the additional features and documentary.
I ordered this Trilogy set and had it in less than 48 hours. I was a little nervous after reading some of the earlier reviews and the complaints of the black bars. I tested all three disks as soon as I unwrapped them and they work perfectly on my 16:9 50" Panasonic Plasma. There are no black stripes anywhere on the screen and the movie fills the whole screen beautifully. There is no visible stretch or any other distortion of the images and the 5.1 surround sound sounds awesome on my Panasonic home theater system. This is a great value for die hard Back to the Future fans.
Simply amazing blu-ray of a 80+ year old classic. The blu-ray breathes new life into this timeless movie. It's like watching it for the first time. Buy this at all costs.
I watched this movie with my mom growing up, she loved it and i do to. It is a clasic wonderful musical. Gigi grows up in love with the man she later marries. when he realises that she is growing up he freaks out and act just like a normal man would. both her grandmother and his uncle add interesting parts in the movie. Gigi is a great hit. true it is a Little Anti-Feminist but that was the way society was back then and makes you laugh now as you watch it. I recomend this to anyone from ages 6 to 80 its a wonderful movie
Sitting through this movie I felt like I was watching another Total Recall. I also felt like something major was going to happen and it never did. The action is pretty good, but the story is O.K. If you like Schwarzenegger you will probably like this movie. If you don't like Schwarzenegger, then you probably hate this movie. I recommend watching Total Recall again, unless there is nothing else to rent.
I saw this move several times when I was younger in school ( I am 21 now ) on VHS video tape.  I bought a copy of DVD on-line last week and watched it yesterday on my digital video system. It looked WONDERFUL! It was even  beter and more fun to watch then when I saw it on "tape" on a  analog mono system.  Its great to see such a great old movie brought back  to life to look and sound better then it did when it was first made.  I  enjoyed the little orange dudes in the movie and all the singing and Willy  Wonkas back talk(GRIN).  This movie is a MUST for all to see and buy!
Why must practically every stage director in the 21st century choose to bastardize the intentions of the composer and the librettest! No matter! It's best at times merely to close your eyes and listen to some of the finest Mozart singing I've heard in a long time.  In the title role, Thomas Hampson as usual puts such thought and care into his work. The voice has become even richer with age; and Christine Schafer may well be the finest singing actress in the world today. Her Donna Anna is splendid and vocally flawless.  Kudos also to Melanie Diener as Donna Anna and to Luca Pisaroni who turns the character part of Masetto into something deep.
I had to get this one; it's a great comedy with humor throughout. If you're an action and comedy fan then this one is for you.
I bought this for a gift.  The person I bought it for fell in love with it.  I agreed with this person's reaction after I watched it.  Great romantic movie.
Started out pretty good but then it went on a tangent about bees suing people (and apparently U.S. courts effect THE ENTIRE WORLD) and I just lost interest in it at this point.
The Boss BR 600 is a neat (but far from perfect) machine, but if you are a newbie to recording, studio work, etc.  it can get very complicated to understand - also the BR 600's manuals are not great.  Actually the only reason I decided to buy a BR 600 instead of other similar digital recorders, is the availability of this video.  The video is very straight forward, simple and takes you through the BR 600s functions in a very clear and consecutive manner.  Also, the guy hosting this training is a very knowledgeable guy.  Not only does he get into the specifics of the BR 600, but also gives you tips for recording techniques in general.  I didn't give it a 5 star because the video is very specific and clear for the "recording" process, however when you get into the "bouncing" and "mastering" chapters, he rushes through with hardly any detail.  While we spend about 50 minutes in "recording" the "bouncing and mastering" steps are covered in less than 5 minutes - and these two steps are critical for getting the final product (song) as you want it to be.
I didn't know what to expect when I ventured to this movie other than I'm not normally a big DiCaprio fan. I can say now that this stellar cast and producers have put forth a strong showing, that is, if you can last through the nearly three hours. Pay attention so you don't get lost with the foreshadowing. I believe it is necessary to help set up the ending of the film but I think it was also longer than necessary. Without getting into details to spoil the story, I was impressed that it was based upon a real story and that the time period seemed to be somewhat authentic and not overly played, particularly with Southern locales.  I recommend the movie if you have around 3 hours to ... and enjoy a story about the ability to turn a sour life into one that is redeeming. There's a lot of psychology and sociology in the film that begs to be used as examples for discussion at the collegiate level. I can't wait for the DVD - it'll be added to my collection.
Copycat storylines The Brother Division Storylines that were brought up and then hardly mentioned again Lisa/Ben/Dean Half the cast being killed off  The start of S6 is a complete and utter mess. It's like, Sera or whoever just couldn't figure out what to do with it and so the season felt off and was scattered. Plus I don't even know what the main storyline for this season is supposed to be about since there's just so many options for that, most of which, just haven't been talked about. IMO, it was better with Kripke.  HOWEVER,  Around the second half of the season {which the exception of 'The French Mistake' which was awful except for the few bits that were actually funny} it does get better and starts to get a good flow and with that said, I'm hoping that if there is an S7, that it's done better because S6, at the end of the day, was a failure and not worth paying big dollars for unless you get a gift with it.  I was disappointed with S6, I thought it had a chance to be amazing and it wasn't. The only thing that can save it is the last remaining episodes.
After 17 years, this is still the greatest animated movie ever.
THIS MOVIE WAS EXCELLENT.  I CAN SEE WHY IT RECEIVED THE AWARDS  THAT IT DID.  YOU HAVE TO WATCH 2 - 3 TIMES TO REALLY APPRECIATE  THE CONTENT.  A MUST FOR YOUR COLLECTION.  MY HUSBAND AND I LOVED  IT.
I mentioned when writing about season five that this delicately etched and excellently acted series on PBS's "Mystery" was my favorite. It still is. I truly believe it is the finest show on television. Nathaniel Parker's Inspector Thomas Lynley and Sharon Small's Barbara Havers are eagerly awaited with passion each season by this viewer like nothing else on television.  Based on Elizabeth George's characters, the BBC show has grown and matured into something really special. The mysteries are always well-written and the lead characters have been allowed to let life and what each brings to the table change both themselves and how they view each other. Parker and Small are a fabulous duo who balance each other out.  The dashing Lynley was originally paired with Havers because it was taken for granted he would not be distracted by her in a romantic way. But the two quickly found there was more to each other than their reputations, and proved a great team. They also became quite close, their deep friendship and affection for each other rarely dwelled upon but always there beneath the surface.  Havers has given the dashing Lynley depth and complexity while he has given her a softer appearance over time. Small really looked terrific in season five with her hair down. Though some griped it was a deviation from the books, it is this intelligent lack of stagnation which has kept things fresh.  Season five ended tragically as Lynley's world changed in the blink of an eye when his beloved Helen was killed. One of the most poignant moments of the series found Havers sitting with Lynley after her funeral to make the world wait a few moments. It is intelligent and very real moments such as that which make this show tower head and shoulders above everything else out there.  It is for that reason that a massive campaign is being waged to persuade the BBC to continue to produce the show so that PBS fans in America can enjoy these richly mature and intelligent mysteries. The carefully nuanced performances of Nathaniel Parker and Sharon Small as Lynley and Havers would be harder to live without than Lynley's beloved Bristol.  Until that happens, we can at least enjoy the two episodes here on season six. In "Limbo," first aired in Australia, the remains of Lynley's godson are discovered twelve years after he was reported missing. Lynley becomes deeply involved with the deceased's sister and will become the prime suspect in a second murder. In "Know Thine Enemy" one young schoolgirl kills herself to escape captivity and Lynley and Havers try to find another before tragedy strikes twice.  The Inspector Lynley series is smart and atmospheric, Debbie Wiseman's opening music setting the tone for each intriguing installment. Fans cherish this show and hopefully this won't be the last we see of our favorite detectives.
I saw this movie first on VHS tape and was very much impressed with all round performance. Now I brought DVD. I strongly recommend this movie .Great Photography, Music,Camera Work and above all Val and Michael perform their best . I watched this movie many times and every time it thrills me as it did at first. But I was expecting more on DVD as Behind the scene and production note etc as One will obviously need to know these after watching this great movie . I very strongly recommend this movie as this is one of te best movie ever I have seen .
I first saw this comedy a couple years ago on television.  It was in black-and-white format which detracted from the film a little for me.  However this offering on Amazon is in color format.  If you've seen and liked "Court Jester" or any of Danny Kaye's other classics, I assure you you will love this one.  It is definately one of the best comedies I've ever seen and as I am 45 years old, I've seen a few.  Enjoy!
The movie arrived within 3 days and in perfect condition.  The quality (picture, sound, etc.) is great.  The movie itself is awesome.  Phenomenal performances on all parts.  The 2-Disc Set comes packed with cool extras too.
it was late being delivered you need to get  UPS or fedex  DHL  not doing you a good job
The original film is such a masterpiece that it sets the bar so high for this sequel, and you have to keep this in mind when you sit down to watch this. First of all, I think it is such a delight to have the entire cast from the original back and at it. I think the film would really have been hurt if even one of the voice actors had been replaced. I think what made the original so strong was the music and lyrics of Alan Menken and Howard Ashman. Every song was beautiful, witty, and did so much to develop the story and characters. There a but a few songs in The Enchanted Christmas, and the only one that is somewhat memorable is the song "Stories", whose melody becomes a sort of musical motif that recurs throughout the film. The interesting animation sequence during this song is one of the highlights of the film, and it is nothing like anything featured in the original. If you are a die-hard fan of Beauty and the Beast like myself, you will enjoy seeing the characters in action... but, sadly, it feels different and less magical than the original. The script is a little thin, and the voice acting isn't totally consistent with the original. For example, Robby Benson, who voices Beast, sounds very strange at times and seems to be overacting. But it seems that the Beast in general is very exaggerated throughout the film so this is probably not Benson's fault. Paige O'Hara as Belle as always has a remarkably beautiful voice, whether she is singing or talking. It is so wonderful to hear her put life into the character again. One thing that I feel was very wrong with this film is that an entire sequence was devoted to showing how the Prince turned away the Enchantress on Christmas and became the Beast. I think that the original film did a marvelous job by telling this part of the story through the stained glass sequence in the beginning, but seeing it portrayed here again sort lacks that fairy-tale wonder to it that the images in stained glass conveyed so well. Aside from this minor point, I believe if you enjoyed the original like myself, you won't have too hard a time of enjoying this film. Like I mentioned, it would be impossible to match the beauty and magic of the original solely in that the music just cannot match the genius of the Menken/Ashman collaboration. Even though the animation is low-budget, a wonderful soundtrack would have made the sequel great. My commentary on the Special Edition DVD is that I thought the behind-the-scenes feature was wonderful, and although it is short, you get some really great interviews from the voice actors including Tim Curry who makes his debut as the story's new villain. You don't get to see Paul Reubens though, whose voice and character I found rather annoying. No big loss. One problem I had, however, is with the quality of the image. The Special Edition of the original on DVD has an amazing picture quality, and the colors are so lucid and spectacular, yet in the Enchanted Christmas DVD the colors are somewhat dull and faded. Aside from that, the other special features are just some nonsense that is thrown in just to satisfy the Special Edition title, but the behind-the-scenes feature is good enough for me. On a final note, I noticed that there are Roman numerals on the side of the DVD cases of both films. Supposedly there will be a third Beauty and the Beast Special Edition coming out soon. Can't wait.
SEX AND LUCIA is an absolutely brilliant blend of sex and story, of plot and circumstance, of reality and the art of crafting fiction around it.  The film mesmerizes in its wonderfully poignant and wild portrayal of unabashedly adult sex while equally balanced with mature themes surrounding the human condition exploring life and liveliness ... and I've never seen anything quite like it before. Sumptuously photographed on tropical islands not overloaded with lush foliage, SEX AND LUCIA vacillates between several storylines -- all uniquely intertwined by Lucia's exploration to find happiness and Lorenzo's quest to understand the life hidden behind the art of his writing.  The two meet under terrifically charged circumstances, and their lives together reach a feverish intimate crescendo. However, Lorenzo begins to fathom the consequences of the life he's led, leading him on a quest to understand who he is and how he could possibly have reached a new low in his life.  Happiness thwarts his talents, and, instead, he allows the moments of human weakness he's experienced to drive him as emotionally low as a human being can possibly slip ... to the brink of death. In the meantime, Lucia flees, unable to cope with the reality of Lorenzo's possible fate, and inadvertantly discovers that the life she's been leading is secretly intertwined with others, much in the way good novels unfold. Note quite a "date movie" (though I'm sure it might serve some inspiration), SEX AND LUCIA is intended for adult audiences.
The Film Constantine, directed by Francis Lawrence, written by Kevin Brodbin and staring Keanu Reeves has only been out a short while and already has garnered enough acclaim to rank itself as a modern classic. The exciting, action loaded film follows the continuing saga of dark soul John Constantine, demon hunter. Punished by God to wonder the streets of Earth, for an attempted suicide, he now must 'earn' his way back into the grace of the almighty. To do this, he must hunt down and 'excorcise' every sort of demonic beast that plague's mankind. Aiding him are a host of penitent souls who have sinned and wish to redeem themselves. To make matters worse, is the Archangel Gabriel who wants to step up the 'final' conflict and match powers with Lucifer himself. Caught in-between their cosmic battle is Constantine, who must atone for his sin with self-sacrifice and brute power over the army of the dammed. Extremely good film and exciting from beginning to end. ****
"Bataan" provides the viewer with a vivid portrayal of the courageous defense of the Bataan Penninsula from the perspective of front line troops holding out against the advancing Japanese.  The circumstances on Bataan were bleak, and this film does an excellent job describing those circumstances, even though it was filmed during the war on a soundstage and before an accurate analysis of the Battle could be made. That the characters represent an odd assortment of soldiers from various non-combat units only demonstrates the dire circumstances faced by the defending forces.  The film also realistically depicts the sickness, hunger and fear experienced by all Bataan defenders. My only gripe is that the film doesn't showcase any other aspects of the Battle, such as the Death March.  Though the opening scene shows US-Filipino troops and refugees moving towards Bataan, nearly the entire film takes place in a jungle alcove overlooking a bridge that must be defended at all costs.  I would have prefered an overview of the entire Battle.   Hopefully, a film will be made sometime encompassing all aspects of the Battle of Bataan.  Until then, "Bataan" does an excellent job describing the rugged tenacity and frustrations of those who fought on Bataan.  Watch this film!  The Battle of Bataan must not be forgotten.
Trick 'R Treat's writer and director, Michael Dougherty, aims to suss out the origins of Halloween. He does just that but in a unique way. Instead of simply throwing the general public a history channel documentary, Dougherty gives us a fun, thrilling, colorful adaptation of Halloween's origins.  The movie centers around four different stories that are all intertwined somehow. These four stories not only link but they have twists to them that allow them to be linked together. There were times when I was watching this movie and had forgotten about some earlier characters and when they'd moved on to another story and the characters from another story showed in the current one, it was a nice surprise because I'd gotten so wrapped up in the current story and forgotten about the others.  Besides the obvious linkage, the one constant that links them all is Sam. What the hell is Sam? No one knows but he makes for an excellent, creepy Halloween antagonist. He pops up in every story (and is involved in some more than others, one in particular) and adds a feel of eeriness to each one.  The movie is an instant Halloween classic and like others before me have said, it is one of the better horror movies we've seen in a good while. Saw has gotten old, I'm over the 'based on a true story' horror flicks, and boy am I about fed up with remakes (don't get me wrong, I like some but where's originality?) so when one comes out that seeks to present the origins of a holiday that spawned all these other horror movies in a UNIQUE way, I'm all ears. Plus it helps that Dougherty wrote X-2 and the director of X-2, Bryan Singer, produced this movie. Trick 'R Treat does exactly what it wants to do and anyone who enjoys a classic horror flick without unnecessary gore and (hopefully) not 2,000 sequels, you will most certainly enjoy Trick 'R Treat.
My 17 year old granddaughter had NEVER seen this movie because her dad didn't like the name; so of course Nana gave the child some culture !! I mean, he lets her play Modern Warfare but not Patrick Swayze? Love the movie--but didn't play right. kept rebooting- Amazon already reimbursed me.
This is a sobering look at the economy as it is today, though the movie was put together in 2008 and not released to the public until a year later.  GTX is in the midst of a massive layoff session and Bobby Walker (Ben Affleck) is one of the 1st to be dismissed. Disillusioned, he tells his supportive wife Maggie (Rosemarie DeWitt) the bad news and she goes back to work. Meanwhile, the CEO James Salinger (Craig T. Nelson) keeps his high salary and plans to buy a new building, much to the voiced objections of his partner Gene McLary (Tommy Lee Jones). Walker tries acting as if he's still living the good life, playing golf with his buddies and is offered a drywalling job by his brother in law (Kevin Costner) which at 1st he turns down. Few people who've reviewed this have mentioned the character of Danny, a friendly black (I did not say African American as the actor, Eamonn Walker, is English) whom Bobby meets at the job placement center. Walker does a great job as Danny and at the job placement office exhorts Bobby to "do the tiger." Meanwhile, Sally Wilcox (HR director, bearer of bad news and mistress to McLary) has some more names to add to the list... those of co-founder McLary who has enough money to currently survive and Phil Woodward (Chris Cooper), who's put in several years into the company and due to his age, has a harder time starting anew ("I suggest you dye your hair").  John Wells has done a great job with this movie. The language is strong and the character of Bobby Walker comes across as arrogant but likable. Wells does a good job explaining the story and how everything was put together in the commentary (he had a relative of his lose his job). Other extras include deleted scenes, an alternative ending and a special Making The Company Men (pretty generous, considering how many DVD's nowadays leave most of the extra's on Blue-Ray's, as if anyone could afford them). All in all, recommended to those of you either struggling to keep a job in danger or have been laid off.
Can u believe that there are more extras in the DVD version? it's true.. i own both.
Cd's in perfect condition, all were included.  The only bad thing about this set was that most of the booklets were missing :/
Saw if for little kids or people that think they know horror films this movie sucks along with the rest of the series if you like this your not a real horror fan its just to make money of each film for you to keep watching and yet thats how ppl are stupid just to go and keep watching this garbage
Not bad.  He is a funny yet clean commedian.  Not so much on the extras his DVD provides.
Suspension of disbelief is needed to truly enjoy the forth season of Rescue Me.  Plots have gone from the implausible to the down right ridiculous.  The show is still as funny and gritty as ever, with Leary proving yet again that he can do inner conflict and rage as well as any actor.  Strangely, the season does not end on much of a cliff-hanger, leaving me to wonder if Season 5 will take Rescue Me in a whole new direction.  Recommended, but not the best that the series has to offer.
Funny thing is, this movie manages to be very entertaining and well made, despite being absolutely nothing like the videogame series it was based on.  Oh sure, you've got some famous monsters from the game.  There are zombies and for a few scenes some lickers, but the suspense and claustrophobia the game was famous for gets thrown away in favor of violent action.  The eerie fixed camera angles from the game are ditched.  The bloody hallways, and creepy silence is lost, and instead we get a futuristic science lab type building.   But still, I found myself enjoying this movie anyway.  It reminded me an awful lot of Blade and Blade 2, so anybody who is a fan of those two movies should check this one out.   All in all, I think I would have enjoyed a movie with the spirit of the game a lot better than this action oriented film, but it is still very fun and worth seeing at least once.  The hard rock soundtrack didn't exactly thrill me either, but it is still a movie horror fans or fans of the game should watch anyway.
I read the book and looked forward to seeing the movie. It was very well done with good acting and quality production. This is a compelling movie, suitable for most ages except small children. This is the type of movie Hollywood should make more often.
Received the product quickly and it arrived in the condition as described. I have purchased from this seller one other time and will purchase from this seller again if the opportunity arises.
The seller immediately shipped the purchased VHS tape to me in near-new condition as advertised. I previewed the tape prior to giving it to our grandson a week from Monday for his 7th birthday. He loves to view our copy when he comes to visit grandpa and grandma and now he will have his own to enjoy.
There was a time when there were some terrible and very graphics films filled with violence and gore, "Caligula" and "Salo" come quickly to mind. Most people were disgusted with these films, but at least, there was substance behind. Pasolini made "Salo" because of some really profound ideas he had, whatever the film ended up being.  This film is almost iconic of present times. There is no sense of any idea behind the film, except maybe the one people praise so much among these reviews, and those being: 1) an homage to old gore films; 2) the "audacity" of being so graphic; 3) that Rob Zombie doesn't give a f@@k about anything, he's just having fun.  Not only is this film devoid of any idea or substance, there is no story, no characters, no director and not even a cinephile. There is not even tension since by half the movie you know that there is no way someone will end up alive.  This is a film for teenagers I guess, but sadly, just another milestone of braindead entertainment.
Nominated for four Emmys, including Outstanding Dramatic Series two times in its short three-year stint, Star Trek is a true legend of television history. The brainchild of former L.A. policeman Gene Roddenberry, the show premiered in Fall 1966 only to be cancelled after three seasons due to lackluster ratings. But it may well have been NBC's network executives who were the cause of the low ratings as they allotted a less than desirable time slot for the show. When Star Trek moved into syndication, its reruns captured the science-fiction imagination of an entirely new audience, catapulting the Star Trek franchise to new heights. Its newfound popularity would, in the decades to come, spawn novels, comic books, six full-length feature films, and reams of merchandise as fans clamored for anything Star Trek-related. Beginning in the 1980's, spin-offs of the show began to appear such as Star Trek: The Animated Series, Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, and Star Trek: Enterprise...  Star Trek, the original TV series, follows the adventurous exploits of the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise as they "boldly go where no man has gone before..." The spaceship Enterprise is led by Captain James Tiberius Kirk (William Shatner), an Earth-born astronaut who often exhibits the charm, leadership, and creativity necessary for the mission's survival. Kirk is joined by Lt. Commander Spock (Leonard Nimoy), a Vulcan-born retired commander and theoretical scientist. Chief medical officer Dr. Leonard McCoy (DeForest Kelley) rounds out the main cast of Star Trek which includes a plethora of supporting crew with multiple guest appearances and cameo roles. Together, the crew of U.S.S. Enterprise seeks to carry out its mission: "to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations..." It's this pioneering attitude, coupled with imaginative sci-fi worlds, that provides Star Trek with its nostalgic allure - especially these episodes from the original TV series, widely regarded as the most popular of all the TV series...  The Star Trek (Season 2) DVD features a number of action-packed episodes including the season premiere "Amok Time" in which Spock begins to exhibit strange and irrational characteristics. Concerned, Kirk orders a full medical examination and learns that Spock is experiencing the instinctual mating patterns of a Vulcan and must return to his home planet immediately in order to avoid death. When they arrive, Spock's chosen mate challenges the pairing, prompting a duel between Spock and the man of her choosing. Kirk is chosen, and he and Spock are forced to fight to the death... Other notable episodes from Season 2 include "Metamorphosis" in which the Enterprise encounters a mysterious force known as The Companion which is in love with a human, and "Patterns of Force" in which the crew of the Enterprise visits a planet resembling the society of 20th Century Nazi Germany...  Below is a list of episodes included on the Star Trek (Season 2) DVD:  Episode 30 (Amok Time)  Episode 31 (Who Mourns for Adonais?)  Episode 32 (The Changeling)  Episode 33 (Mirror, Mirror)  Episode 34 (The Apple)  Episode 35 (The Doomsday Machine)  Episode 36 (Catspaw)  Episode 37 (I, Mudd)  Episode 38 (Metamorphosis)  Episode 39 (Journey to Babel)  Episode 40 (Friday's Child)  Episode 41 (The Deadly Years)  Episode 42 (Obsession)  Episode 43 (Wolf in the Fold)  Episode 44 (The Trouble with Tribbles)  Episode 45 (The Gamesters of Triskelion)  Episode 46 (A Piece of the Action)  Episode 47 (The Immunity Syndrome)  Episode 48 (A Private Little War)  Episode 49 (Return to Tomorrow)  Episode 50 (Patterns of Force)  Episode 51 (By Any Other Name)  Episode 52 (The Omega Glory)  Episode 53 (The Ultimate Computer)  Episode 54 (Bread and Circuses)  Episode 55 (Assignment: Earth)  The DVD Report
Condition & Content of product Very Good. Timely shipping.  Very pleased with seller response & Amazon's operations.
I dont think I can add much to the already great reviews of this film.  One thing is the great lines throughout the film ie. when Crystal's character realizes he's fallen for Ryan's character at the 2nd new year's party which goes something like "when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible...."  How true is that?  Looking back in our lives, we can all find a time in our lives when we felt that way.  Another scene with the Ingrid Bergman / Casablanca discussion "you're the worst kind... You think you're low maintanance but you're high maintenance..."  If you are a Meg Ryan fan, this is the most beautiful she has every looked in any film... ever.  The makeup, costume and filming in the 2 new year party scenes make her look just beautiful.
Well, first off, if you are interested in vampires, this one is going to entertain you.  Second, if you are a Kate Beckinsdale fan on top of it - you'll enjoy it even more.  OK - I've stated the obvious - now onto the more particular info...  I have always had an interest in vampires, gothic subjects, etc.  This movie does a great job of getting into the inner workings of a mythical/created vampire sect (coven) and makes the journey of discovery interesting.  Also, the weapons employed in the movie, the special effects, and the soundtrack are also deserving of mention.  If you like the dark, you'll like Underworld...  Just by way of background, and while other reviewers seems to prefer to reveal much of the story and plot, I think that sort of ruins the film in many cases.  So, you'll want to look for other reviews and reviewers if that is what you are looking for...
It's rare that I like a movie that's been highly recommended to me, especially a movie that was recommended so highly to me.  But I liked this one.  I read about it, heard about it, saw the previews... and the movie was exactly what I thought it was going to be.  For starters, the effects were beautiful.  For another, the script was incredibly well-written.  There was great acting in this play.  Great, beautiful acting.  The characters were realistic and the story-line was compelling.  Was there anything wrong with this movie?  Any fault at all?  Well, I thought there was going to be when I assumed they killed Pedro and then were going to kill Mercedes.  My fears were, thankfully, unfounded.  I was a bit upset when they killed Ofelia, but when they showed her being reunited with her real mother and father (or was she?), I understood and was no longer disappointed.  So, basically, no, there were no faults I could find with it.  Another thing I really liked about this movie was how they made you wonder if it was all in the little girl's mind.  Was she really a princess?  Did that place really exist?  Both yes and no could be argued quite well with how this movie was done, and I loved that.  There is one thing I want to address.  One commenter here continues to stress something about this being a children's movie.  I didn't know that rated Children's movies R, now.  I didn't know that language, violence, and gore were appropriate for children.  When did that happen?  All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this movie.  Brilliant.  Now this was all I heard it was, and more.
The same type of problems we seem to have as a country usually have solutions - and they are applied for the moment.  Much like having a broken leg in a cast.  It commands our full attention and we do what is necessary to heal.  After the cast is off we are cautious not to repeat the same action that got us in that situation.  Later on, after the trauma is forgotten, we seem to do the same thing over and over again.  Good lessons - our memories should be longer.
I saw 300 and saw this movie. I did not like 300 , but I really enjoyed watching "Meet the Spartans". I thought it was funny and its a movie I can watch several times. I liked the actors and everything. I especially liked the "yo mamma" part what ever you call it and the american idol part. Leonidas character was fun to watch, its funny how he talks. While I enjoyed this movie, I don't like Scary Movie, the epic movie, or the Superhero movie. This one was stupid as well but funny.
As a Bruce Lee's fan since childhood,i'm really glad to see this special anniversary edition dvd... reason being it contained two of the best bruce lee's documentries ever released... hw else will u describe "bruce lee: a warrior journey", "bruce lee: curse of the dragon" ....The former have to be the most exciting bruce lee's documentry ever as it included the unseen footage of "Game of Death" as it should be seen!!!(G.O.D, the 70's movie is a big insult to bruce lee, hated it to the core, nw i don't have to endure it juz to see the pagoda scenes) seeing these footage made me felt like i was watching a new bruce's movie!!! Thank God for John Little....  For the other bonus materials, i recommended the "enter the dragon" featurette as it showed hw the movie came about with rare footages of the sets and fliming process... the documentry "blood and steel: making of enter the dragon" pales in comparison.... the tv spots, theatrical trailers are also very entertaining as it provided a peek as to hw this movie was promoted back then in the 70's....  Lastly for the movie, i felt tt "enter the dragon" is the most accessible bruce lee's movie for the non-asian crowd... reasons being the James Bond-like scenes, the inclusion of John Saxon n Jim Kelly along with Bruce to form a trio of adventurers n the magnificent sets made the flim looked more like a Hollywood action thriller than a Hong Kong kung fu movie (tt's the intention of Warner Bros obviously... though it's a US-HK co-production)... but if u really want to see the glory of bruce's, i recommended "Way of the Dragon" (aka "Return of the Dragon" in the US), which bruce produced, directed and acted.... n who can forget the fantastic coliuseum finale where bruce duel with Chuck Norris?  In conclusion, this special anniversary edition of "enter the dragon" is a steal... with all the great bonus materials which caused me to spend days watching (at least 3 of the documentries r 90mins and above)... even if u r not a bruce lee fan, u should buy it due to the above reason alone.... as for bruce lee's fan, this will be the most valuable piece in your bruce lee's dvds collection yet....
It's very rare to find a film that equals its predecessor, in a series. Yet, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is equal to Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone (for which I've also left a 5-star review). The acting is still perfect, in my opinion. It's also nice to see the additions for the actors. Whenever I read about Dobby in the books, I always imagine him sounding just like he does in the film. Moaning Myrtle is funny, by anyone's standards. The quidditch sequence is also exciting and visually stunning. It's quite frantic, too, when Harry is being chased by a rogue bludger (in the first film, Harry is almost thrown off a bucking broomstick and, in this one, he's being chased by a bludger that's aiming for his head. WHY DOES HE STILL PLAY QUIDDITCH, WITH THESE RISKS!!!). It's also nice to see some character development. For instance, Hermione, in the first film, went from being a bossy know-it-all to a friend anyone would want to have. Then, in the Chamber of Secrets, she shows that, for the greater good, she's not afraid to break rules (the horror!). The scene after Malfoy calls her Mudblood and Hagrid comforts her is touching and well acted. It's good that we see more of Malfoy, as well. We see more of his and Harry's mutual hatred, and the part when Harry and Ron drink Polyjuice Potion and disguise themselves as Crabbe and Goyle and talking to Malfoy to see if he knows the heir of Slytherin is funny (Malfoy is a tad dense, not noticing that Crabbe acquires a mysterious and sudden stomachache). Ron's arachnaphobia is quite amusing, however it's a laugh out loud when he encounters spiders that are bigger than Harry. It's also nice that Hagrid is proven innocent. Many reviewers who have seen the film agree. It's also explained why the sorting hat thought of placing Harry in Slytherin. The lovable Fawkes is introduced. The plot, to the one percent of the world who don't know it, is that Harry, being maltreated at the Dursleys as usual, receives a warning from Dobby, the house elf, not to go back to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Harry ignores the warning and goes back anyway. However, Dobby's warning soon comes true. Students are petrified (literally!) and can't be revived. It seems that they might be able to figure out the culprit until even Hermione is petrified! It's up to Harry and Ron to save Hogwarts. However, people begin to believe that Harry is causing all these attacks! If this sounds good, it is. I give this film my highest recommendation. I recommend you watch it. It's definitely a film worth seeing!
all i have to say is anything you really want to see in this movie can be seen in the previews. thats how sad it was. my date and i both fell asleep. the first part is ok. from there its just downhill. not even rent worthy!
I am not going to bore you with saying I know everything about quality and imperfections. Enjoy the movie. It doesn't get any better then this.
i got this dvd for my stepdaughter.  She loved it!! by the second episode she was sounding out words and we had to watch it for four hours and four more the next day.  It also took me back in time because i remenber watching the electric company in elementry school and at home.
This was one of the most unnerving movies I've seen.  It was brilliant, though.  It made me feel things that I can't describe as anger, sadness, or any other emotion I've ever felt. At the end of the movie, I was emotionally exhausted and uncomfortable.  It's now one of my favorites.
INDECENT PROPOSAL, along with THE DEVIL'S ADVOCATE (Al Pacino and Keanu Reeves) are two of the most entertaining morality plays out there.  The  moral to the story, without needing to go into Christian theology or  anything else is really simple: there's no such thing as a free lunch.  I  remember when the movie was out in the theatres and the many sound bite  talk show people would ask guests and people on the street if they would do  what the couple Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson did in the film; so many  fools said "yes, in a heartbeat" and I wondered about the  education system of our country!  The line of the stylish Robert Redford  when Demi Moore accused him (while slowly being seduced by him) of being a  man "who likes to own things" summed up the whole movie:  "You think I need to BUY women?"  Redford, a man in this movie  who as a billionaire has seen and caused the birth and death of  multi-national corporations the size of ancient civilizations, knew EXACTLY  what would happen to their marriage, and to their mind- and to her heart,  if they knowingly accepted this proposal most indecent. He depended on  THEIR arrogance and scoffing at the fragile nature of human relationships  and the invisible architecture of the human soul; knowing, like every man  (and woman) with a secret plan for another human being, that that would  bring about the predictable but unexpected chain of outer events.  The  movie's most poignant turn, however, is when he reveals the road not taken  in HIS life, with all his billions, and how that has generated much of his  actions.  Only then do we really discover under no uncertain terms what he  wants, and what he is willing to do to get it.  That really begins the  falling domino of epiphanies that leads to the revealing of the gentle,  fragile and beautiful hearts of all three of the characters, and the  transcendent power of love, committment and surrender.   It's a good  guy/girl movie as well, because Woody Harrelson is so much the All-American  man, full of rambunctious flaws and money problems (can't relate), where  Robert Redford is, well, Robert Redford; he is the next best thing to Sean  Connery's James Bond in this movie when it comes to the debonair, power-  broker man the women couldn't resist if he had a 30k a year job, let alone  making 30k every couple of hours.  The testosterone is there.  Combine  that with the transformation of both of their characters because of the  love of Demi Moore, who can play the dichotomous strong/weak women better  than most of the Hollywood actresses out there still (if she would just  take better scripts- aren't the bills paid sweetie?), and you've got more  intelligent INNER action, romance and sympathy than you can shake a stick  at. Worth owning.  Ignore some of it's flaws (too miniscule to mention  really; if you want CASABLANCA than buy that for Gawd sakes) and you'll  have a great time with it- perhaps even learn something about yourself that  you didn't know you knew.
This is up there with one of my favorite movies - and one that I will watch many times over.  It makes you laugh, cry and truly think about the hardships people endure, yet they rise above.  Very inspiriational!
Stan was hilarious in many of his solo films, and this set is worth getting just for DR. PICKLE AND MR. PRYDE, an hilarious sendup of Barrymore's version in which Laurel is actually scary!  This disc is beautifully set up with outstanding restorations of rare films. Now if they had only included the Valentino parody, MUD AND SAND...it would have gotten five stars from me.  Comedy buffs and fans of the Boys will have to have this one in their collections.
Helping people help themselves seems like a noble profession to engage in. Letting people in on the fact that they are somebody and that they should believe in themselves actually looks like it would do some good in the world. Unfortunately, you can't always be sure exactly how the person you're giving advice to discern what you are saying or what they'll do with that little deposit of self-confidence. This rings especially true when you don't have one-on-one contact with your clientele because you can't know who you're dealing with or what plagues their fragile psyche. The Night Caller is a perfect example of that, with a convenience store clerk named Beth Ann calling in to her favorite radio voice, Dr. Lindsey Rolan, for some advice because she wants a life. What Dr. Roland has to say I affirming, too, but it sets into play a bloody little domino effect that unfortunately walks in that wake.  While I perhaps wouldn't call the theme or the madness involved anything original, I have to say that I was impressed by Tracy Nelson's performance. Expecting nothing whatsoever from this method adopted I to burn a little time at first, I was pleasantly surprised by that spin into the ranks of "certifiable" that left bodies lingering in its wake. Despite having seen people go the way of the knife before, I nonetheless thought she sold the role and I actually found it worth watching because you could sympathize with where she was coming from. I actually liked the way the movie progressed, letting plans play out and the theme of obsession unravel a little before spiraling into the realms of "no plan whatsoever." Too often, movies clump all the pieces of the puzzle into the snaring of some dementia's prey and too little into the escalation of the event. In The Night Caller, time was distributed equally and it gave the hunt more of a rewarding feeling and Nelson seem all the more insane. In crafting a character, that's normally what pays off. If you movies about a character you can somewhat sympathize with but that you wouldn't want to cross paths with, then this might be a movie for you. It has clich&eacute; pieces in it, with a mother making and appearance and childhood trauma molding that mind, but that's understandable. This seems to be one of the easiest ways to explain away something you can feel sorry for in the end, but that create monsters. It has a few places in the deep end of the mental pool that are fun to watch as they swallow people, too, and that's always good to watch.
Great movie. With lots of thrills and excitement. Also a neat twist to it :) If you liked the other Alex Cross movie Kiss the Girls then you probably like this one too.
This one has it all! Great extras. Extended cut. If you want the "one" this is it. One downside is that the digital copy has expired. If this is the reason you are buying this product look elsewhere. I like it.
I totally disagree with the first reviewer. I thought Ashton Kutcher breathed new life into this series. I liked the interplay between the characters and thought the humor was pretty good for someone stepping into such an established show. Not perfect, but far from deserving one star.
I am not of the age to have been able to see this at the box office but I indeed bought this to learn of the beginning of the trilogy that arose from this sci-fi thriller. A little comical because Mr. Schwarzenegger was a little bit different than in the films following this release. Great now I know how it all began. Cannot wait until it continues...come on T4..
I went to see this movie and wanted to like it, the problem is it's just not that good. It did not transition well from the stage, and I respect Noel Coward very much. Don't bother wasting any of your money on this DVD. Jessica Biel did look fantastic. I almost walked out of the theatre, but was on a date. It was a waste of time!
We were not able to get English subtitles for this film and the sound was not very clear. This is too bad because we would have enjoyed the film far more if the dialogue had been clear. Subtitles are so important, especially for the older movies.
Military conflicts are my interests, so that was the reason i picked this up and as soon as i watched the first battle i was hooked to this movie. The ferocity of medevil warfare always interests me from the weapons to the battles that ensued and this film was the closest at showing what war was like back then. Some of the scenes i saw in this movie made me squirm a bit. This movies battles is the equilivant of Saving Private Ryans which is pretty grusome. Highly recommended for war fanatics.
I really enjoyed this movie, it helped ignite my love for Jimmy. I had never heard of Jimmy or Casper before I seen this movie, therefore I Originally had no bias what so ever, I did go on to read his biography and research him greatly after viewing the movie. Once done this I watched the movie again and I must say I still enjoyed it, yes I admit there was sum really odd things about the acting and portrayal of Jimmy however there was that intence look and voice that Casper Portrayed oh so well!!! (the name change for the us premiere was not well thoughtout)
After buying Iron Monkey, House of Flying Daggers popped up as an Amazon recommendation.  It sat on my wish list for a year before I bought it because I knew very little about it.  I've always loved these movies for their action, but I didn't expect this beautiful love story as well.  And the soundtrack is just as wonderful.
the day after tomorrow is the movie you would enjoy if you like earthquake effects and likes independents day. so if your one of them you must see this movie you will love it.
Iron Man was a lesser-known hero in the Marvel universe.  He wasn't as well known as Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, or the Fantastic Four.  Therefore, it was a bit surprising that in their freshman film as an independent film company that Marvel would choose Iron Man as the hero that their future would either be built or destroyed upon.  All doubts, however, have been put aside as 2008 has come to be the year that comic book movies became serious works of cinematic art, beginning with the release of IRON MAN.  IRON MAN revolves around Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), a billionaire whose fortune was built upon arms manufacturing to defend the free world from totalitarianism, tyranny, and terrorism.  Stark is also a brilliant scientist and engineer who designs many of his own weapons and devices.  While unveiling a new missile to American troops in Afghanistan, Stark is knocked unconscious, receives a heart injury, and is captured by terrorists.  The group calls themselves the Ten Rings.  They want Stark to build them a replica of the missile he just created for the U.S. Army.  Stark gets to work, but instead of building the weapon the terrorists requested, he builds a suit of power armor that he uses to escape from the terrorist camp.  After returning to the United States, Stark decides that his company, Stark Industries, is no longer going to be in the arms manufacturing business.  Seeing what his weapons can do when placed in the wrong hands is too much and he decides that the company will take a new direction.  He's convinced by his partner and good friend Obadiah Stane (Jeff Bridges) to take some time off.  Stark uses that time to prefect the suit he created in the Middle East.  Meanwhile, Stane has plans of his own and the direction Tony wants to take the company in doesn't fit in Obadiah's plans.  IRON MAN is an excellent comic book movie.  The acting is solid, the script well-written, and the direction superb.  The movie completely revived the career of Robert Downey, Jr. and turned Jon Favreau from being just a comic and family-film director into being a major directorial player.  Though hinting at a darker future (as well as plot developments for future sequels), the film is full of hope, optimism, and good old American patriotism.  When one thinks about it, IRON MAN is the type of movie that SUPERMAN RETURNS should have been a couple years ago.  I guess iron really is stronger than steel.
Charles Laughton is pure martinet evil, and Clark Cable is a sizzling hunka studmuffin in this classic version of the famous (and famously fictionalized) story of the 1787 rebellion aboard the HMS Bounty.  Laughton's Captain Bligh embodies cruelty itself as he terrorizes, tortures and flogs the poor souls toiling under his command, Clark is noble and true to his morals, even as he forsakes his country in order to stand up to the tyranny of the mad ship's captain.  This film is magnificently made, filmed in black & white that's as crisp and clear-cut as the plot itself... Best of all, though, is Gable at his most dashing and magnetic -- if you've ever wondered where his star appeal came from, then check this film out.  (For an interesting contrast, try out the 1962 remake, with Marlon Brando, of all people, taking a cool turn at the Gable character...)
David Lean's movie "Bridge on the River Kwai" based on Pierre Boulle's novel is one of the most unusual movies about war. It depicts the lives of Colonel Nicholson, Colonel Saito and Commander Shears. The movie is outstanding in its acting, screenplay, direction and music. It shows a battle of wills between Alec Guinness (Nicholson) and Sessue Hayakawa (Saito). Saito insists that officers must perform manual labor which is resisted by Nicholson while building the bridge. The screenplay was written by Carl Foreman, several of his successes including High Noon, but he was never rewarded for this movie though it has outstanding dialogs due to people suspecting that he was a communist. His treatment was not very good and was given an award after he died in 1984.  William Holden (Shears) escapes and is asked to go back to destroy the bridge. In the meantime, Nicholson is released and starts helping Saito build the bridge. Finally, Nicholson agrees, not so much to cooperate with his captor as to provide a morale-boosting project for the military engineers under his command. The colonel will prove that, by building a better bridge than Saito's men could build, the British soldier is a superior being even when under the thumb of the enemy. As the bridge goes up, Nicholson becomes obsessed with completing it to perfection, eventually losing sight of the fact that it will benefit the Japanese. He does not realize that what he is doing is helping the enemy. Upon his return, Shears realizes that Nicholson's mania to complete his project has driven him mad. Filmed in Ceylon, Bridge on the River Kwai was completed in about 18 months and won 7 academy awards including best picture, best director, best actor and best screenplay. Alec Guiness justifiably got the best actor award, does a memorable-indeed, a classic-job in making the ramrod British colonel a profoundly ambiguous type. With a rigid, serene disposition, he displays the courage and tenacity of a lion, as well as the denseness and pomposity of a dangerously stupid, inbred snob. He shows, beneath the surface of a hero, the aspects of an inhuman fool. He gives one of the most devastating portraits of a militarist that we have ever seen.  The screenplay award went to Pierre Boulle who did not know a word of English. Some of the best dialogs of the movie are:  Shears, "I can think of calling Saito several things, but reasonable."  Shears: "You mean you are going to follow the law, regardless of the consequences"  Nicholson: "Without law there is no civilization"  Shears: "But here there is no civilization."  Nicholson:" Then we have a chance to introduce it. I suggest that we drop the talk about escape."  Later when one person talks about escape and says that Nicholson only suggested that they do not escape,  Shears: "Listen kiddo, when your Colonel suggests something, it is a command."  Shears hates the foolish courage of the colonel and says, "This is the kind of courage that will get us all killed." The movie shows the difference between practical against foolhardiness. Though made in 1957, it has not aged and can be watched now. The new edition has a beautiful transfer. In general, the movie is a welcome change to movies like Braveheart which have little thinking and too much gore. Please note that this movie is based on a novel and is fictional, it is not based on any historical event (and does not claim it). David Lean won two awards for direction, both of them were outstanding movies, this is one of them. It is worth collecting.
Not only is this a typical Disney movie, it's even a (more-or-less) typical Herbie movie.  For some strange reason, director Robinson used some techniques (in my opinion, anyways) from the 1980s - multiple split-screens, Herbie red-white-and-blue ribbons for segues, even music from Van Halen, Loverboy and Pilot.  I'm inclined to think they came from her personal music collection.  I'm not sure what the point was, except to show the movie picking up where the last Herbie left off.  The movie even begins with newpaper clippings and film clips of the previous Herbie movies, followed by stories of Herbie going into decline, losing races, and then ending up in a junkyard - much to the consternation of the junkyard owner! I think the cast pretty much acquitted themselves here.  I don't know too much about Lindsay Lohan (I'm not into celebrity gossip), but I didn't see anything glaringly wrong with her performance.  Matt Dillon makes for an interesting villain, barely managing not to sneer TOO much at the heroes.  Even Michael Keaton came off OK. One critic mentioned that there's a lot of corporate placement in this movie.  If you think about it, isn't that what NASCAR is really all about - securing sponsors?  There are even several scenes where the characters agonize over losing their sponsors.  Did director Robinson put all the products in there merely to pay the bills, or to also make a point about corporate sponsorship of NASCAR?  I'd like to think the latter. Overall, it's still a great family film.  (In fact, there was a birthday party of 8-year olds behind me in the theatre, having a great time.) Hey, there are worse ways to spend your summer!
This has got to be the funniest zombie flick ever! I couldn't help but laugh alot! even my 11 yr old son thought it was funny. I'm gonna own this one for ever!! make sure you watch the extra stuff on the disc too. omg tff!!!!
I saw this movie before it was released in theaters, and truly enjoyed it.  I enjoyed the movie so much that I paid the second time to see it.  People could not get with Paula's character, but women we all know someone just like the character she played.  Out for the almighty dollar and not about the character of the man.  I thought the storyline was very refreshing, and it just goes to show why Queen Latifah is named QUEEN.  She is truly a remarkable talent.  If you haven't seen the movie, rent the DVD when it's released or just go ahead and buy the movie.  You won't be disappointed.
I am, and have been extremely interested in world war 2 and the holocaust for quite some time. I was shocked an appalled to hear that over 60% of students that graduate from high school DO NOT even know what the holocaust was! I am 15 and I feel that I am very mature for my age, and I know that I know more about life and how important it is than most of the pop/heavy metal obsessed teens of our society, who consider fine cinema any movie starring josh hartnett or mandi moore. And when reading a book on jews of the holocaust somebody asked me "why jews wore those stars around their arms." having no idea what the star of david was. Continuing with my fascination of the war, I was destined to see schindler's list, a compelling tragic story of hope and tragedy. This heartbreaking story pulled me in from the opening lighting of candles, to the gritty, documentary like black and white shots that we know so well. While watching this you feel like there is a weight strapped to your heart, and that weight keeps continuing to get heavier, and heavier, leaving you sick to your stomach, that people would actually do this to living, breathing human beings. Worse than that, children, babies, babies like yours who didn't know what was going on around them. Think of what it felt like when we were children, getting picked on by bullies on the playground or being lost in the grocery store. You felt terrified, and when you're that small there is nothing you can do, you just stand and wait, your little heart aching for your mother. Now think of being in a cold, muddy concentration camp, your mother and father taken away, a man standing with a rifle, swearing at you, taunting you. As a child you wouldn't know what was going on, and wouldn't know that your short, unlived life, would soon be ending. Steven Spielberg made a masterpiece here, and should be proud.
Out of all the "Chronicles of Narnia" series, the first part ("Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe") is the best of them all. This part is actually two parts and they are both very good, but we know after a while that in the next part ("The Silver Chair"), our sweet little Lucy will never return. Great acting, writing and direction. Same heartwarming opening sequence I've always loved is in here too!
Gary Cooper was one of the true giants in Hollywood and it's his performance which defines this movie. It's interesting to note that Cooper was physically all wrong for the part. He was 40 years old, too tall, too thin and he was so inept at swinging a bat left-handed that they actually filmed him right-handed, transposed the number 4 on his back and flipped the film (a true story). Watch him running around the basepads... the actual baseball portions of this film are not high quality or believable. This is a small criticism, since the baseball shots are relatively few. However, the human story, however sentimental, is told with dignity and some brilliant acting. Babe Ruth appears as himself, and the Babe gives a truly fine performance; he had indisputable talent on the big screen. Watch the hat-eating scene, it's fabulous. One wishes that the screenwriters would have focused on Babe a little more often. Walter Brennan is outstanding, as always, and Teresa Wright is suitably cute and winning as the dying hero's wife. There are some extremely dated scenes in the movie, especially the lengthy, boring dance sequence. Fast forward through that one. Lou's parents are also a little annoying at times, especially his whining mother. The ending of the movie is a tear jerker, as Cooper delivers Gehrig's farewell speech in a beautifully understated manner. Interestingly enough, when Coop entertained troops in WWII in the Japanese theatre, the boys always wanted to hear him deliver this speech, and he did so.  This is a winning movie and one which showcases the incredible talent and courage of Lou Gehrig.
I have not seen any of Charlie Kaufman's other films, so am unable to compare in that fashion.  Also, Michael Crane did an excellent job describing the movie.  My comment is on Jim Carrey.  Not only is he able to jump from over the top physical humor to dramatic acting, he did it in a way that made me forget his previous characters.  I thought his performance was incredible.  In addition, the chemistry with Kate Winslet was like listening to good music.  They harmonized :)  (With a little discordance thrown in by Elijah Wood)  Finally, the ending was perfect for the tone of the movie!  One caveat:  watch this movie when you have time to pay attention, there is a lot of nuance!  Always best to get it the first time.  Enjoy!
All I can say is that this movie captures the desparation and difficulties for addicts and the grim reality of "one day at a time." Buy this movie. You will love it.
The only reason I bought this flick was due to "Bare Behind Bars", for my money the best women in prison movie ever, tainted only slightly by leaning too hard on the lezzing and not enough on the abuse.  But still, it was a five star sleaze spectacular.  The first problem that crops up on this turkey is, unlike BBB, the bad guys here are mostly dudes, particularly this one long-hair sweaty fat dude who looks kind of like David Crosby on coke and booze at 40, and that cuts back on the NTRL factor (nudity to total running length) obviously - less chicks, less nudity.  Of course, strictly speaking this may not classify as women in prison, more like women in corral, but that's the general idea, though the shower is way too small, and there's no doctor for cavity searches.  After a lot of nudity, mostly partying with the dudes, there's an escape and a nude girl gets shot up and dies pretty good, but the absence of bullet holes and blood really spoils it.  Then there's some plot that goes on way too long, another escape and finally some brief hard R lezzing including carpet washing, though Fidel Castro eating a london broil comes to mind (I stole that from Opie & Anthony).  There's some more lying around topless in the jungle stuff, and then a good catfight that threatens to turn bloody, before the girl on top gets an arrow in the back from stage left, only in close up we see the arrow hit her through the top she's wearing, and . . . she's not wearing a top at that point!  Slight continuity problem.  Then there's more plot and a little dancing around nude at some mining camp and then . . . it ends.  I didn't have the sound up, so I'm not sure what was going on, who cares.  Well, a fair amount of nudity, but the two death scenes were rotten, there was only a brief uni-shower scene (some stream bathing, but not fully nude with all kinds of soapy bodies), zero whipping, limited lez . . . after BBB, a major let down.  All I can find for it is two sleaze stars for nudity, I'm hard pressed to award it more.  Pity, the director had such potential.
Love these movies and the Bluray transfers are fantastic.  They look and sound great in my home theater.  Movies probably would earn a PG-13 rating by today's standards, but my kids loved watching them with me.  Hard to believe it's been 25 years... time sure does fly!
If you're into Anime, you'd be cheating yourself by not getting the collectors edition of this Anime classic. This is a groundbreaking Anime, that brings the Role Playing video game to life.  The story centers around Parn, a young man in a small village, who wishes to become a great knight like his father. A situation occurs that forces Parn to test rather he is man enough to live the life of a warrior. He meets allies along the way, and before he knows it, he and his companions are caught in the middle of a war between Light and Darkness.  The Animation aged well over the years and is still considered one of the best in Fantasy art. The Soundtrack is beautiful and one of the most celebrated parts of this Anime saga.  I could go on, but anyone who knows a teaspoon about Anime, knows about Lodoss War. It's a staple in the Art that is Japanimation.
I have always heard that Orson Well's Citizen Kane was a good movie, however, after watching it I am inclined to say that it is a wonderful movie. It teaches a very valuable lesson that everyone should learn at one time or another. Whether your 12 or 120, you should watch this movie. Granted its a little long, and in black in white, but don't let that hold you back from watching it. It definately illustrates the moral that Money Can't Buy Happiness.
If you haven't seen this movie as a child, it's time you pick this movie up and see what you've been missing.  Any person of any age will enjoy this movie, and it's even probably one of the best family movies of all time!  You can sit down with a person of any age and watch this movie.  The NeverEnding story really gets your imagination going, makes you laugh, makes you cry, and makes you want to watch it again!
One of the greatest action animes ever made, non-stop adrenaline, guns, and a city controlled by the respective mafias. The character depth is great and you'll want to rewatch this series over and over. warning: this is not for the squeamish.
The first time I saw the film, I was a kid.  I went to the movies with my grandmother.  I was already of fan of the Beatles and my fave was Paul.  My grandmother and I really enjoyed the movie.  I bought the VHS and I still have it.  Now I have the dvd too.  Such a good film.  I like all things Beatles.  I recommend this movie to the person who needs to see the Fab Four in their native land, singing and larking about.
Although this box set is copyrighted for 2005, most of the video is from the late 70's, 80's, and early 90's. The narrator has the voice of those boring school videos that nobody wanted to watch but were forced to. Heck, they might have even been the videos shown in flight school at one point. The pain doesn't end with the voice or the video, the music is pretty horrible as well. Especially the cheesy spin-off of, what sounds like to me, Cheap Trick's "Mighty Wings" during the picture slide shows (Top Gun's end credits song).  I understand the old video when they're showing the design and initial concepts of the aircraft, but 80% of each DVD is pre-1994 (my estimate). The Blue Angels and Thunderbirds documentaries could have been so much better. The F-14 DVD is by far the worst (in my opnion)with virtually no footage past 1989, even though the aircraft still flew up until the middle of this year. The pilots they interview have huge 70's sidburns and fluffy hair accompanied by the wonderfully grainy 70's - esque video.  If I didn't like aviation so much, I would have gave this box set a lower rating, but that's me. Aviation enthusiasists, such as myself, might find some enjoyment, but those looking for well put together, fast action, up-to-date flying video might want to look elsewhere.  There is some neat footage like the F-15 and F-16 concept aircraft and some cool test pilot footage like flat spins and controlled stalls, etc. And you do learn quite a bit about the aircraft, right down to the "new" (actually pretty frickin' old) avionics packages of the "new" F-16B(what model are they up to now?:)). This box set should have been released about 15 years ago. In all, unless you really want it, I'd really look for another documentary. This box set had the potential to be awesome, but that potential will never be known.
HEY, ALL THESE BACKYARD WRESTLING TAPES ARE BRILLIANT. IF U LIKE HARDCORE, XTREME, HI-FLYING BRUTAL WRESTLING THIS TAPE IS FOR YOU. I AM A BACKYARD WRESTLER MYSELF AND I DO ALOT OF XTREME STUFF BUT I WOULD NEVER DO ANY OF THE THINGS THESE GUYS DO!! THESE VIDEOS ARE AMAZING!
This movie was a perfect ending to a Trilogy. Even though most sequels do better than the original, this one was just right. It answered all the questions you were wondering from the first two, and even though the ending is not what I expected it was perfect. Others viewers who watched this and said it sucked, they were expecting other things than what the movie was actually suppose to tell. It told a great story and ended with all answers to questions some people might have had. I gave it 4 stars because it could have kept going and finished a little more better, but all in all good ending to a great trilogy.
My daughter(11)and I watched this movie one night and we just loved it!  She wants to watch it again and again....Neither of us can wait to watch another Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie.  They were absolutely magic in this and to my surprise, it was quite funny.  If you love old time movies that just make you feel good, you have to have this one!
Chak De is a great movie to watch.  I watched it with my 7th and 8th grade students and they seemed to really enjoy it.  They really liked the music, too!  I had one student who tried to download it on his I-pod. He liked the Chak De song that much. We had to read the subtitles, but that was okay for them.  It was a good experience.  For 6th grade students, I think the subtitles would be too difficult to read.  I would recommend showing this movie to 7th-12th grade students.  We were studying the Indus Valley (Social Studies), so I thought this movie had a connection to what India is like today.  Very good movie!!!
Angelina Jolie is truly one of the most amazing actresses today. This movie was her best yet! I would recommend this movie to my mom, my boyfriend, or my best friend. This movie can be enjoyed by all and it is very impacting. I will definitely be adding this to my incredible angelina collection!
This movie is not at all what I expected of Oliver Stone!  It was not political at all, it was VERY well done!  This movie is shot from the point of view of the officers, so they had no idea what was going on.  They were not 100% sure that a second plane hit the tower, they just heard rumors.  They did not know that the towers had collapsed.  This movie shows their will to survive.  It also shows what their families are going through and the uncertainty they were under.  They had no idea if their loved one was alive or deak; all they knew was that they had gone into the towers.  This was an awesome movie and not at all what I expected of an Oliver Stone movie.
I love "Bad Boys" in everyway no matter how many times that I have seen it (on DVD/movies/cable). The same day that I bought the DVD, I watch it twice, in English and French.  One of the reasons that I love this  movie is the acting of these two talented gentlemen, Lawrence and Smith.  The strong languages used during the whole movie were no matter to me.  They are what make the movie so funny.  This movie is for adults anyways.  The action of this movie is something that we should not miss either.  I  loved the foot chase a lot.  I also have to give credits to the two  beautiful women, Tea and Theresa.  Where do these angels come from? No  other features come with the DVD besides Languages, Audio, and Scnenes  selections.
Sin City is definitely not for everyone. If a depressing, violent world with ambigious heroes and crime and corruption isn't your thing, you'll definitely like it even less with Sin City's stylized visuals and heightened gore, sexuality, and skewed morality. For everyone else though, this is definitely one of the more memorable films in recent years, and turns the genre of comic book adaptations into an artform. An all-star ensemble cast is directed by Robert Rodriguez (with Quentin Tarantino!) against a green screen studio set, bringing to life Frank Miller's acclaimed graphic novel series. It's a fantastic mix of the technical and creative, and leaves you wanting more after the film's finished.  The recut, extended, unrated, etc. etc. dvd collectors edition is both good and bad. The bad is that recut and extended doesn't really amount to much, and you'll definitely feel cheated if you go in expecting a radically different film (though you can watch all the stories individually now). The good is that like the other Rodriguez dvds, this one's loaded with great bonus features. You know, the kind that's informative, fun to watch, and isn't promotional fluff. Plus the package comes with a digest sized version of "The Hard Goodbye" so you can compare the film to the source material. A great value.  Those who enjoy Sin City (and you can pretty much tell right away from the title if it's your kinda flick) will love this dvd set. Highly recommended.
Sharon Stone is the sexiest woman alive! If you don't believe me, watch this movie.
Robin Williams is amazing in this role. We just don't realize his talent as an actor. I just loved the movie.
Excellent first season - love the Big Bang Theory for their originality and witty script.  Love Sheldon Cooper and his group of friends!
I have to say, I didn't really enjoy this movie. I would recommend renting it before considering purchasing it. I found there to be very little chemistry between Gielgud and Carrol, and Peter Lorre seems determined to steal every scene he is in. The story was a bit thin as well.
There's not much one can say about this magnficent achievement in film-making that hasn't already been said by others, so I'll content myself with just discussing one key point.  The four hour edition is not a compromise or an explotive "director's cut" that studios often put out just to sell another copy.  This version is closer to what Costner orignally envisioned, and the orignal team was initmately involved in producing it.  The movie was edited down to 181 minutes at the order of the studio/distibutors.  They felt people wouldn't sit through a four hour movie.  Who knows, they may have been right.  Besides, a shorter length means you can run it more times and sell more tickets.  Since the studio was gambling big with this movie (no one guessed it would be the monster hit it was) already, they probably wouldn't have released it at all at its original length.  This version  has a differnt feel to it than the theatrical release.  It explains more (like why the fort was abandoned when Dunbar arrived) and in some places it's darker.  The Sioux are not all purely good.  The scene where the Indians catch the buffalo hunters and Dunbar's reaction to what's going on (in the extended edition) is very, very powerful.  We are quite fortunate that we at home can see both versions of the film.  BTW, this wasn't because of DVD, both the long  and theatrical versions were released in VHS letterbox.  It's interesting to compare and contrast the theatrical and Extended versions.  It's  a pity that the theatrical version in widescreen is no longer available new on DVD.  This is one movie that should NOT be relegated to pan and scan.  Thank  goodness I've still got my letterboxed VHS and "DTS" DVD copies!
Alfred Hitchcock is unquestionably a master director of cinema. In Warner's new box set "Alfred Hitchcock: The Signature Series" film buffs will get to see why. This latest collection of Hitchcock classics is a revelation of sorts in that it allows audience to examine and judge the critical merit of a string of films that, for the most part, haven't been given a lot of play time.  Many represent rarities and experimentations in the Hitchcock formula.  For some reason Hitchcock's first WWII thriller, "Foreign Correspondent" (1940), never quite achieved the critical accolades orfame of say, "Notorious." It stars matinee idol, Joel McCrea as Johnny Jones, a New York reporter dispatched to Europe who inadvertently stumbles upon a troupe of fascists preparing to take over the world.  Along the way, he encounters Carol Fisher (Laraine Day) whose father, Stephan (Herbert Marshall) may or may not be the lynch pin in all the espionage.  Next up is "Suspicion (1941). Following quickly on the heals of her success in "Rebecca" Joan Fontaine scored the coveted Best Actress Oscar for her role as Lina McLaidlaw, a bizarrely disturbed romantic wallflower. Lina's a repressed soul. But her traditional reservations are merely a faade for lusty home fires that seem to be sparked to satisfaction with her encounter of handsome playboy, Jonnie Aysgarth (Cary Grant). The two soon marry. However, as the romance progresses Jonnie seems to be more than just an elegant rogue. Could it be? Is he a murderer?  "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" (1941) is the most uncharacteristic film in Hitchcock's canon and, indeed, this box set - a featherweight romantic comedy with shifting undercurrents; all about a feuding husband (David/Robert Montgomery) and wife (Ann/Carol Lombard) who, after living together for three years, suddenly discover that they're not legally married. When David hesitates in legitimizing their union Ann bolts for the nearest quick fix - a stoic romance with her business partner, Jeff Custer (Gene Raymond). In keeping with the formulaic conventions of classic screwball comedies, this one employs a series of hopelessly inept, though nevertheless hilarious, bits of complicated mischief in which David plots to win Ann back.  "Stage Fright" (1950) is a convoluted charmer.  Rarely has Hitchcock's attention to comedy and suspense been more seamlessly blended than on this occasion.  Jane Wyman stars as Eve Gill, a novice sleuth determined to solve a murderous who-dun-it in a theatrical setting. Together with her flighty father, Commodore Gill(Alastair Simms), a dangerous game of cat and mouse with the likes of Charlotte Inwood (Marlene Dietrich) the conspicuously aloof and greedy stage diva.  "Strangers on a Train" (1951) is often credited as beginning Hitchcock's second renaissance in Hollywood. It's a diabolical struggle of wills between the seemingly congenial tennis pro, Guy Haines (Farley Granger) and sycophantic admirer, Bruno Anthony (Robert Walker). When the two accidentally meet on a west bound train they exchange intriguing ideas on how to commit the perfect murder. Just one problem; Bruno takes the game seriously, murdering Guy's pregnant wife, Miriam (Kasey Rogers) in what is perhaps Hitchcock's most terrifying cinematic example of strangulation.  This is decidedly a high water mark in Hitchcock's tenure, capped off by a visceral climax aboard a careening carousel.  It seems Hitch' had a yen for tennis players.  In "Dial M for Murder" (1954) tennis pro, Tony Wendice (Ray Milland) plots the perfect murder of his wealthy wife, Margot (Grace Kelly) after he discovers she is having an affair with prominent writer, Mark Halliday (Robert Cummings). But things backfire when Margot accidentally kills her attacker with a pair of scissors, thus opening up Tony's chances at improvisation. Shot during the briefly trendy period of 3-D, Hitch' chose to eschew the usual (let's throw things at the screen) gimmicky approach and instead shot "Dial M for Murder" with a distinct foreground, middle ground, background perspective that really places the audience in the center of the goings on. Only once, when Margot is being strangled by her attacker, does Hitch' succumb to the gimmick by having Margot reach behind her back (out into the audience) to grasp her lethal pair of shears; quite effective!  "The Wrong Man" (1956) is unique in its semi-documentary/film noir approach to a real life New York case. Henry Fonda is Manny Balestrero, a struggling musician wrongfully accused of robbery when he attempts to cash in his wife, Rose's (Vera Miles) insurance policy. The trail of accusations leads to a meticulous examination of police procedure in which the pressure of labeling the victim and hunting down the accused eventually culminate in desperation and a complete - if coerced - confession.  And finally we have the `wrong man' scenario to put all others to shame; "North by Northwest" (1959) is Hitchcock's slick and polished cross country adventure meets `the wrong man' scenario. When advertising executive Roger Thornhill (Cary Grant) is mistaken for an American CIA agent by the man he is supposed to be tailing, Mr. Van Damme (James Mason), Roger finds himself the victim of multiple attempted assassinations and a harried chase to unravel the mystery behind the insidious girl with whom he's suddenly fallen in love - Eve Kendall (Eva Marie Saint).  The black and white elements for "Strangers on A Train" and "Mr. And Mrs. Smith are impressive to say the least, with pure whites, deep solid blacks and little in the way of age related artifacts. The remaining B&W films (I Confess, Foreign Correspondent, Stage Fright, The Wrong Man and Suspicion) have varying degrees of visual clarity and cleanliness. The short answer is that NONE of the films will disappoint. The longer response is that of the remaining aforementioned titles, there is considerable disparity in both age related and digital artifacts. There's a somewhat obtrusive shimmering effect to darker scenes in "I Confess", some serious film grain in "Stage Fright" and varying degrees of tonality and rendering of fine details in the gray scale of "Suspicion". The contrast levels on "The Wrong Man" seem a tad low too. As for the remaining two color films in this box set, "Dial M for Murder" and "North By Northwest"...only the latter will amaze you. The former, although a considerable improvement on previously released versions, continues to suffer from grainy, haze and slightly out of focus image quality - which is in keeping with the shortcomings of 3-D photography, NOT the transfer itself. Finally, succinct featurettes accompany every film in this box set - with rare footage and interviews from surviving cast members. BOTTOM LINE: An absolute must!
Not top rated but fun to watch.  The plot is a bit weak.  The art is excellent.  Dubbing is well done.  Lots of humor, action, blood and gratuitous nudity with some silly sexual inuendo.  Just what you would expect with the 16 year old school boy, hero who seems to be a bit preoccupied with the wrong problem; he is dead!  But that doesn't seem to faze him one bit.  I'm going to have to buy season 2.  It's that funny.  The only problem is that there are only two episodes per disk and it seemed I was always getting up to put the next disk in.  I ended up watching the whole thing in one sitting.  Don't pay retail for this one but do get it for the discounted price from one of the Top Sellers and you won't be disappointed.
This a great futeristic movie that is haunting to watch because of it's close parallel to our real situation in this world today.
Owen Wilson, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Christopher Walken star in this 2005 comedy. Two pals crash a wedding finding love with two women. This is hilarious and Owen and Vince are terrific together. This dvd not only has nice picture and sound, but features rated and unrated versions plus neat extras. I recommend this great comedy.
first daughter was a nice movie too watch. and is better than other romantic comedies.
There are many versions of The Christmas Carol but this version is the one all strive to be like.  Alister Sims by far shows the transformation of Scrooge.  I highly recommend this movie if you want to get the essence of the book.
If you are an action-starved, CG-driven junkie .. ..  THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR YOU!  A terrific, serious movie about the birth of the CIA and the sacrifices (intentional & unintentional) that America's most-dedicated warriors have to make to keep the world a safer place .. ..  Definitely, not an exciting or pulsating piece, but riveting nonetheless .. ..  I hope everyone will take from this an appreciation for the people of our intelligence sevices who serve so loyally for so little .. .. And, make the right calls 99% of the time so the most we have to worry about on a daily basis is whether LINDSAY LOHAN is back in jail .. ..
I have been waiting for this brilliant movie to be released on dvd for ages and am thrilled that it has finally come to pass.One quibble, though: NO COMMENTARY???  Think about it: How many 50 some-odd year old movies have all its principal players still alive to record a commentary for posterity?  Wouldn't it be an important addition to film history to have 94-year-old Karl Malden and 89-year-old Eli Wallach sit in a room with Carroll Baker and offer their observations and reminiscences?  We are not going to have these great actors around forever and soon there will be no-one left who experienced the "Golden Age of Hollywood" first hand.  If the studio that had put out "Streetcar Named Desire" in its original dvd release had bothered to invest in extras instead of putting it out bare bones for a quick buck, we could've had commentary by Elia Kazan, Marlon Brando and Kim Hunter.  Now they've all passed and the 2 -disc edition is too little too late. Saying a few words about a film in a documentary is not nearly as good as watching the film with the parties involved in creating it, their memories being jogged by each other and the film itself.  C'Mon, Hollywood, let's try a little harder with the extras!
I wonder why they put these movies out in full screen format. All the new televisions are wide screen. With these movies being released in May you would think it would be manufactured for the new sets.
The HD DVD comes with excellent picture quality. The sound is amazing.  But Terminator 1 was definately the best one of the trilogy.  Anyway if you like it, this HD-DVD is a must in the home collection.
This is the type of movie you walk away from thinking, "They sure don't make family films like this anymore".  And you know what?  They don't!  Released in 1948, "Hills of Home" takes the world's  favorite collie and places her in the hills of Scotland in a small farming  town.  Lassie has a phobia of water, and is turned away by a shepherd, only  to be taken in by a country doctor, played by Edmund Gwenn, who is bound  and determined to help his new friend overcome her fear. The script is  the right combination of wit, drama, and action.  The cast is top notch,  including Tom Drake as an apprentice of Gwenn's, whose father refuses his  studies to be a doctor,  and a young Janet Leigh (in of her first film  roles) as the girl of Drake's affection. The scenic work is beautiful,  the costumes are lush, and since it's an MGM film, you know that nothing  was spared in creating a true classic film treasure.
keeping in mind that cathy was 18 when she died, it was totally wrong - the actors were too old for the parts.  the writing was good and kept in line with the book. fiennes did an understated, malevolent heathcliff. costuming and location were good. overall i like the tom hardy version better.
absolutely adore this film, it's so mad, glitzy, camp and crazy that I never tire of it. Granted it's not for everyone, and you need a sense of humour and fun to fully appreciate it, but one you get into it, it's just perfect. The songs are timeless, the cast is sublime and the whole film is in a class of it's own. One thing I do love is the way the film doesn't take itself too seriously, it sends up all those cheesy science fiction films and musicals of the past and never stops for breath. Of course, the film's main draw is the outstanding Tim Curry as Frank-N-Furter. His performance is dazzling and I doubt he'll ever be able to top this. Susan Sarandon and Barry Bostwick are excellent in thankless roles, and the rest of the supporting cast (Patricia Quinn and Little Nell especially) are all perfect in their different and crazy roles. It's always puzzled me how the film hasn't managed to date, it still looks and sounds as fresh as ever. I'm sure I'm not the only one surprised by the ending too! Rocky Horror is perfect for a fun and sultry night in, so whip out your fishnets and do the timewarp. Go on, you know you want to, your not fooling anyone!
You either love or hate Jack Nicholson. About Schmidt is about a man near the end of a long conventional life. Married for 42 years, retiring as an executive from a company he's been with forever. His only daughter getting married. And all the wheels are falling off. Like most American males, Schmidt IS what his job declares him to be. After retirement he finds he isn't needed - despite the flowery retirement speeches on his value and contribution. His wife dies suddenly. He is alone in the big house he and his wife occupied during the pursuit of the American dream. Schmidt decides to drive his Winnebago to see his daughter for her marriage. He is searching for someone, anyone to acknowledge that he is needed. Anyone going through major life changes - what used to be called "the mid-life crazies" - should be able to identify with Schmidt. As for entertainment value of the movie, you'll either love or hate "About Schmidt". Even though I can readily identify with the problems and dilemmas presented, I didn't feel drawn to Nicholson's performance. The comparison that come to mind (for me anyway) aren't from Nicholson's famed characters in "A Few Good Men" - "The Truth! You can't handle the truth" or "Here's Johnny" in the "The Shining" but his portrayal of Randall McMurphy in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". Unfortunately the Scmidt portrayal is only a bit more exciting than Nicholson's performance AFTER the lobotomy in Cuckoo. I've been getting alot of "unhelpful" votes lately, if rating a product as a poor one is unhelpful, you may be missing the point of reviews in general. John Row
The Last Samurai is a beautiful film, the kind of epic that David Lean might have made.  The film is true to historical events that happened in Japan during 1876-77.  In particular, meticulous care was taken with the recreation of Tokyo and the clothing that was being worn, traditional Japanese and modern clothing. The clash of tradition versus the influence of the West is sharply portrayed in these contrasts. Like all historical epics, departures and simplifications of the truth have to be made for the sake of a coherent film.  Certainly, there were no Americans fighting along with the samurai but the character of Captain Algren allows us to explore what is going on in Japan from the traditional and modernistic points of view.  What makes The Last Samurai an excellent historical film is what also makes for a great historical novel: sticking close to historical facts, knowing the details of the society your characters are living in and developing a believable and interesting story.  The story of The Last Samurai fulfills all of this for me.  Edward Zwick has captured some excellent performances.  Tom Cruise as Captain Algren has a truly memorable performance, one that he trained for several months to deliver.  I must confess that I was not a early fan of Tom Cruise but his work in recent years has been impressive and in this film he truly becomes the character he is portraying. Ken Watanabe is wonderful as Kasumoto, loosely based on the life of Saigo Takamori, capturing the essence of the duty of a samurai and also the contemplative side of a warrior.  The talk of his writing a poem on a blossom reminded me that prior to the real battle depicted in the film the warriors spent the night before engaged in writing poetry.  The performances by the supporting cast are excellent.  Of special note is Koyuki (playing Taka, Kasumoto's sister) who must care for the man who killed her husband and who gradually finds herself falling in love.  Her sensitive performance is one of the highlights of the film.  Shin Koyamada, who plays Kasumoto's son Nobutada, brings pathos to his character, particularly in the scene where he is humiliated by Japanese soldiers for being dressed as a samurai.  The battle sequences were carefully stage with an eye for authenticity and the village where Algren is kept a prisoner was so meticulously constructed that the Japanese extras were struck by its resemblance to the villages where they grew up.  The cinematography is very impressive and the music by Hans Zimmer beautifully builds the mood.  The DVD has some wonderful supplemental pieces that explain various aspects of the production of the film. The Last Samurai is a film that will be highly regarded years from now as among the best Hollywood has produced.
In the very first few moments of this strange film, you find out who raped and murdered Leonard Shelby's wife -- but as the story progresses, receding into the past, you become unsure until, at the very end, you know -- maybe -- that Leonard has set himself up. The whole world, you discover, is subjective. Short-term memory loss means you can lie to your later self and Christopher Nolan, who wrote and directed. makes the most of the possibilities. For one thing, there are no big-name stars (Carrie-Anne Moss from the _Matrix_ movies is as close you come) so you can concentrate on the story, and on the confusion that inevitably strikes the first-time viewer. And there are some problems: For instance, who the hell is Dodd? Can you believe Teddy's explanation? Inevitably, as in life, there are no absolude answers. And, as with _Pulp Fiction,_ _Mulholland Drive,_ and a few other recent non-linear films, you'll enjoy this one more as you re-watch it.
Sergei Mikhailovich Eisenstein was one of the finest craftsmen ever to direct motion pictures. His film "Battleship Potemkin," released in 1925, is a classic and was long considered by many to be the finest film ever made. A pioneer in the use of editing, Eisenstein believed that film editing was more than a method used to link scenes together in a movie. He worked with juxtaposing images, in rhythmic succession, to create powerful feelings in the viewers. Eisenstein felt that careful editing could actually be used to manipulate the emotions of the audience.  This, his second movie, portrays the sailors' mutiny on board the Battleship Potemkin. The ship is returning from war with Japan via the Black Sea. Sailors become disgruntled and restive with the terrible treatment they receive from commanding officers, and the horrendous living conditions onboard. Their complaints are ignored. The last straw comes when the hungry men are fed inedible meat, crawling with maggots. They rise up, and take command of the Potemkin. When they arrive at the port town of Odessa, the people sympathize with the sailors' plight, and subsequently pay a terrible price for their support. In one moving scene, the ship's captain becomes enraged when the men refuse to eat the spoiled food. He orders the rebels shot. Grigory Vakulinchuk, a leader of the insurrection appeals to his comrades, "Brothers! Who are you shooting at?" He convinces the armed soldiers to join in the uprising. Propaganda or no, it's an extraordinarily moving scene.  Seamed together almost effortlessly, the movie is structured around five episodes: (1) Men and Maggots; (2) Drama on the Quarterdeck; (3) An Appeal from the Dead; (4) The Odessa Steps; and, (5) Meeting the Squadron. Eisenstein used one of the real life participants in the actual mutiny as an actor and historical advisor on the project. "Battleship Potemkin" contains one of the most widely viewed scenes in film history - the massacre on the Odessa Steps. Tsarist soldiers march down an endless flight of stairs in a rhythmic, robotic fashion. They open fire on the innocent citizens of the harbor town and relentlessly shoot everyone in sight, without mercy, including a woman with a child in her arms. Another woman is hit and her baby rolls down the steps in a carriage. Extracts from Dmitry Shostakovich's symphonies heighten the drama.  The film was made to commemorate the failed 1905 uprising in Russia. Interestingly enough, censors in many countries banned the movie out of concern that their own citizens and navies might be inspired to revolt. Britain's ban on the film was not lifted until 1954. Voters at the World's Fair in 1958, held in Brussels, Belgium, voted "The Battleship Potemkin" the greatest film of all time. Today, at the beginning of the 21st century, the movie still holds its own. JANA
I had been waiting for so long to see this movie, and when I finally did, it was EXCELLENT! I suppose if you don't have a twisted sense of humor, it wouldn't be as appealing, but if you do...OH MAN...YOU WILL LOVE THIS! The story is about a recently rejected museum attendant, who is sent to Maine by ger boyfriend/boss to investigate a tooth that may have been pre-historic. It turns out to be a crocodile that had swum into the town lake.  The real fun comes when we meet Betty White gets into the story, as a mean old woman who lives by the lake, and feeds the "pet" crocodile some of her cows. She steals the show. No matter how good anyone elses performance is...she takes the big one! Do yourself a favor and go rent the movie and watch it with someone you love, because it is a big load of fun!
i bought this dvd from a fye store, and i love it.it really goes in depth about the monday night war..i was actually glad to be a wrestling fan then, and i can relive the good days when i watch this dvd..all the wrestlers on it give good insight..mainly jim cornette..i just wish there were more matches, and they could have been better one's for sure..but still, it's great to have..especially if you're really a wrestling fan..but i really want an ecw dvd bad..chech it out..you'll be glad you did
I have nothing bad to say, I mean as a reader of the left behind series, I got to see the movies and they are very good, little things differ but the overall content and message is there.  NO need for hollywood special effects, but it is just the way the message is explained. Get all the movies.  Actually I have bought most of the christians movies and I have nothing bad to say about any of them.
What can I say - I got hooked on the original Tales of the City; had to see this one; went on to finish up w/Further Tales of the City.
A lot of movies make espionage out to be a glamorous, tuxedoed affair.  BODY OF LIES tells the tale as it is: A world of mistrust and violence, where one minute you're negotiating, and the next you're picking your friend's bone fragments out of your arm.  Roger Ferris finds out the hard way, as he worms his way into a terrorist conspiracy and risks his life--and more--for a cause that he is beginning to question.  His boss back home, Ed Hoffman, offers Ferris advice while eating cereal and taking his kids to school.  Ferris is on his own; his friends are his enemies, and his enemies are everywhere.  DiCaprio is perfect for the role; a true chameleon, he can slip into any character and bring them to life.  Russell Crowe is also well-suited for his role; he gained a bunch of weight, and is in fact almost unrecognizable.  He brings out the irony of his character, while also waxing poetic that makes something resembling sense.  But as good as DiCaprio and Crowe are (and they are very good, near the top of their game), the true scene stealer here is Mark Strong, who plays the Jordanian head of intelligence.  He is charming and sinister, who makes the word "dear" sound like a prophecy of doom.  He is technically a good guy, but we have to suspend our typical definitions of the word "good."  And that is the main strength of this film: It seems very, very real.  Nobody is a saint, and nobody is a sinner; they are all human, all with motivations and causes, just like in the real world the movie accurately reflects.  The violence is never gratuitous, and often almost too realistic; the torture scene near the end is cringe-inducing, and the explosions--there are several--are all believable, none of that typical Hollywood lights-and-sound show.  BODY OF LIES may not be perfect--there is an unnecessary romantic subplot, and viewers must always question certain facts that are presented to them on the silver screen--but it is a realistic, engaging spy thriller that poses quite a few questions, and lets the viewer judge for himself.  It is an action movie with brains; how rare and precious is that?
First and foremost, be aware that even though he is featured prominently on the DVD cover, this is not a Steven Seagal movie: Seagal is onscreen for only 5 minutes and 35 seconds throughout the entire 94-minute film. Thus, this movie cannot be reviewed as I would a regular Seagal picture, but rather as the lame DTV attempt to rip off <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000TJBN80">28 Weeks Later</a> that it is. Plainly said, this rather embarrassing debacle is by no means a must-have for either horror or action fans and not even Seagal devotees will be thrilled by it. If you don't like bad movies, just take it for granted from here, but if you're still not convinced, read on.  The plot: sometime in the near future, a mysterious outbreak causes the majority of the human population to turn into bloodthirsty zombies (they're referred to as vampires, but they're zombies) and scatters survivors into isolated groups. One of these groups - including an unassuming blonde girl (Jenna Harrison, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00006BSDH">My Brother Tom</a>), a religious young man (Danny Midwinter, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000FGFBM6">Blackbeard</a>), and an orphaned child (Skye Bennett, <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001D262JW">Dark Floors</a>) - finds itself trapped inside an infested hospital, and their only way of escaping lies in the aid of the mysterious Commander Tao (Seagal), a leather-garbed swordsmaster leading a team of highly-trained killers against the rising tide of darkness.  This is a horror film, so you won't see too much action even though Steven carries around a sword and shotgun. There are a few fight scenes, but Seagal's moves consist entirely of slicing up baddies and shooting them in a most unexciting fashion. 'Seagal Squad' member Tanoai Reed (Dwayne Johnson's personal stunt double) gets the best fights, but that's not saying much at all. Zombies, you see, can be incapacitated by simply shoving them against a wall, so all of the swordplay and shooting is kind of unnecessary as far as I'm concerned. The horror element, for the most part, is limited to the kinda-spooky hospital setting, a few scenes wherein the infected chow down on entrails, and a couple of jolt scares that wouldn't make a moth take flight. Isolation and separation themes are played up but come off as kinda stupid when characters get so separated from the group that they're completely out of earshot in only a matter of seconds, despite that they're all on the same floor of an enclosed building. It's just not scary.  The acting is on the poor side. Skye Bennett and no-name stoner Stephen Hagan give the best performances of the bunch, but this isn't high praise when considering the amateurish Jenna Harrison, the unlikeable Emma Catherwood, the pesky Daniel Percival ("Sinchronisity"), the inexperienced Tanoai Reed, and the perpetually-stunted Mr. Seagal. Danny Midwinter isn't awful, but he's nothing really special, either. Bigger-name stars Linden Ashby (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0790729997">Mortal Kombat</a>) and Keith David (<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305168873">Marked for Death</a>) have significant parts that they do well with, but since neither of them get in on any of the action or even interact with Seagal, their presence ends up being a disappointment. The zombies are a bit of a character in themselves: while not vampires, neither are they the brainless sprinters that are all the rage now. One of the more interesting scenes in the movie occurs when an infected, held at bay by a door, attempts to talk Jenna Harrison into offering herself because there is no hope left for humans; another is when an infected approaches a sleeping Skye Bennett, strokes her hair, and apparently attempts to bite her without waking her. These displays of intelligence and sentiment aren't explained, but they do make the film a little bit more interesting.  As a whole, however, the movie is beyond saving, and I'm already regretting buying it. Even those Seagal fans who buy each of his flicks just to have an opinion of it should not feel compelled to judge our hero's five minutes of stiff chopping and monotone delivery in this one - it's just not worth it.
The trailer of this flick was pretty good so I watched it... few minutes after I started to see the movie I thought-> good movie, a little while later I knew I was wrong!  The action was not all bad. Special effects were really good.  It's kind of weird seeing Jamie Foxx playing an air-force guy his gole is to be in big blockbuster movies now since his role in "Ray".
This movie is great. If you were a fan of M*A*S*H the television series before you saw this movie it will fall a little short, but it is still filled with great laughs.   You can see many great schemes including when Hawkeye bets Duke on whether or not Hot Lips's hair is really blonde or whether she dyes it and most of the camp sees her in the shower, and the famous football game against the 325th Evac. Hospital. You also see how many of the famous characters from the series came to the 4077th including Hawkeye, Trapper, Hot Lips, and Spearchucker.
Kim Basinger plays Karen McCoy, a solo bank robber who gets caught one night while 'on the job'. After six years she's out on parole and rushes to see her beloved son, Patrick (Zach English). Much to her dismay and anger, she finds out that not only had her ex-husband Roy (Nick Searcy) been burning her letters to her son, he also told Patrick that his mother was dead! Karen must now work to make her life 'straight' as she tries to get custody to see her kid. But things start to get worse when former boss and gangster Jack Schmidt (Terrence Stamp) kidnaps her son and blackmails her to do one last bank heist. With the help of rookie criminal J.T. Barker (Val Kilmer), Karen must make sure she can get her son and herself out of this mess alive.  The idea is good, the cast is good, it's such a shame that "The Real McCoy" turns out to be a mediocre film floundering in a badly written script. Once again, I will say that the whole idea behind the movie is great, what if a ex-bank robber is blackmailed and must pull the most elaborate and difficult bank robbery? Unfortunately, whoever wrote the script had either no clue how to fill out the story or was in a rush to get it finished. The movie begins with Karen getting caught then we are brought to six years after the event. The next 40 minutes are dull as we are dragged through events that really didn't have to happen. Finally though, after trudging through the first 50 minutes, we get to see some action. The bank robbery is well done and loads of fun, up there with the first "Mission Impossible" movie. But after the climax bank heist, the ending feels a bit cut short. In my opinion, the first 40 minutes could have been compressed into half the time, then lengthened the ending by adding some more twists and turns. Then we have the acting. Some of the reviewers complained about Kim Basinger. All I can say is that I feel very bad for her. I bet her character was really hard to act out since the director/writer duo couldn't seem to make up what kind of person they wanted! Did they want a frail woman to be pitied upon because of her constant clashes with overbearing males? Or did they want a strong woman with plenty of smarts to be able to be an expert robber? Karen McCoy has too many mixed up personalities to be able to really like, though Kim Basinger at times gives a good performance. Terrence Stamp is just completely wasted on, there's nothing special about his bad-guy role. On the good side, we have the young and talented actor Val Kilmer as Karen's sidekick. I've always thought of him as a very versatile actor, I mean he's acted out so many different roles (a spy in "The Saint", a superhero in "Batman Forever", a warrior in "Willow", a legend in "Tombstone", etc.). Seeing him play J.T. Barker was a lot fun, backwards baseball cap, Southern accent, and all! He got all the best lines in the film and played his role with the greatest of ease. It's too bad we didn't get to see more of him.  There are some great action scenes, including of course the climax bank heist. Val Kilmer gets to drive a VERY cool car (can't really see if it's a Camarro or a Firebird since they were very similar looking cars). Though it's kind of weird to hear screeching tires in the pouring rain, for car lovers it's absolutely wonderful to hear the car's nice engine!  So, here's a summary: It's too bad the script couldn't have been worked out better since we have three such great stars acting in the movie. But if you are a Val Kilmer, Kim Basinger, or Terrence Stamp fan and loves a good caper, check this film out.
Eye opening look at what happened with the different markets and how not to be taken again.  Like with his other books Michael opens your eyes to different methods of thinking and pushes people to think using different reasoning, while getting his point across.  This should be required viewing in high school and college business classes.
This is a poignant story about a young man who participated in the WWI battle that helped define Canada's emergence as a nation.It's not a history lesson, but it personalizes an important historical event.
Now, this is what a movie should be. Thrilling action, good characters, great music; what a treat to finally see it after all these years. Too bad I was very busy running a small business during the 1970s, I would have liked to see it in a theatre. But this is not a time for sadness, it's a time to celebrate the joy of seeing this rousing tale! I think the best thing about it is that it's about a shark. Sharks are very exciting, aren't they? Of course they are! So it only makes sense that a movie about sharks would be one of the greatest movies ever produced, and I don't say that lightly! Men on the sea battling a fierce eating machine, oh what a thrill! I can't wait to see it again and I look forward to seeing more movies about sharks. I understand there's a sequel to this movie out there, well I promise you that it will be joining its brother on my shelf. Evil it is that the highest rating that can placed on a product here is five stars. How I desire to give it six, seven, 10, 50! There aren't enough stars to give this film its due.
The movie arrived in great condition and perfect packaging.  I am buying all the vaulted Disney movies for Christmas.  My kids will be surprised.
If you enjoy Wallace and Gromit you'll love these shorts. Shaun the Sheep is the cutest and his friends are just as hilarious. Watch it just to feel better on a blue day!
I loved this film in its theatrical release in 1989.  I certainly felt it deserved the Academy Award (for best foreign language film).  I also loved seeing the full version that lays out all the details of the relationships, and their resolution.  I also enjoyed reading everyone's opinion as to whether the original version or the longer one is better.  I can't decide myself.  But a critical point to make is that THIS DVD contrains both versions (on either side of the DVD).  So regardless of which you prefer (and here is the perfect opportunity to find out), it is on this version.
I would say that Pitch Black, the low budget original classic is much better than TCOR.  This movie is a large budget attempt to re-capture on a sequal.  I reminds me of Fast and the Furious vs Too Fast Too Furious.  Boy stick to the original first movie.  But the sequal is only a rental.  I would say Dark Fury is worth the price though.  These new in between DVDs are more interesting and fun.
This was one of the most original Dracula movies that I have ever seen. The outstanding cast of actors makes this film all the better.Gary Oldman,Anthony Hopkins,Keneau Reeves,and Winona Ryder play outstanding roles in this movie. The character played by Ryder resembles an old love of Dracula's.He takes her to Tranyslvania with our heros in hot pursuit.The special effects in this movie also makes it very entertaining.The scenery used in Transylvania makes the movie even more spooky. This is a very good movie that you will enjoy. Dracula was cast in a different but effective light. Buy it.
Great movie!!! Had not seen it in many years and I was not disappointed. Very pleased to have added this to my DVD collection. A must have for any horse lover!!!
This is the BEST of the three ICE AGE movies.  It's hysterical.  LOVE IT!  These are NOT just for children.  Adults can really enjoy the characters' antics.  Get all three of them and, if it's raining all weekend, have fun with Sid, Manny, Diego, and especially Scrat!
After watching the old vhs version of Pocahontas for the first time yesterday, I was somewhat ambivalent about the film.  Reading the reviews, however, I realize that Pocahontas has done something remarkable, especially for a "cartoon":  it has made Americans discuss serious aspects of our history with each other.  I can remember the excitement when Pocahontas came out, that Disney had finally created a non-white heroine.  I think we can still feel the ripples of that excitement today, as we talk about the difference between history and legend, who the Native Americans were and are, and the implications of these questions for people living today. As for historical accuracy, a person would have to be confused to go to a Disney movie thinking they would see "history" on the screen.  Pocahontas is a legend, and Disney has, as usual, created its own version of that legend.  On the surface, the movie is just a love story between two people of different cultures.  Still, the conflict between Indians and white "settlers" depicted in this film gives some indication of the historical expectations of both groups, and of what happened as a result of that.  We can't expect a Disney movie to deal with the genocide that followed. The character of Pocahontas that Disney created is so powerful that she overshadows everything else in the film.  This is not a cute cardboard cutout, but a grown-up, majestic woman who should be an inspiration to everyone who watches the movie.  The John Smith character is not quite the same quality, but he is an admirable nonetheless.  Smith is eager to explore the New World and willing to forge a relationship with someone he previously considered a "savage," and even remains silent when the natives accuse him of killing one of their warriors.  But he cannot equal Pocahontas's noble gesture of protecting Smith with her own body and telling her father that he will have to kill her if he's going to kill the white man.  This is powerful stuff. Underlying the love story is the message of honoring the earth, beautifully captured in the song "Colors of the Wind."  In Pocahontas, Disney's artists have made nature come alive, from the majestic rivers and mountains to Pocahontas's delightful friends Meeko and Flit.  In color and sound, it is a gorgeous film. To sum up, everyone should see this beautiful movie.  Far more than just entertaining you, it will make you think seriously about who we are as Americans, as well as how we treat the planet we all have to share.
I was amazed when I saw this movie. The storyline is great, the visuals are even better!!! This is one of my top all time favorite movies.
man this film was one hell of a ride. the cinematography was beautiful as always(the back & forth reel shots; the speeding shots throughout the city alleyways, reminiscent of Tetsuo & Bullet Ballet) the story was the director's best next to Vital, though i was much more impressed by the visuals particularly his intense imagery of boxing & all the ferociously shot scenes vigorously depicting men practicing in a boxing gym as if they're robots training for battle.  i was most impressed by Tsukamoto's brother's role in the film amongst the others. everyone delivered flawlessly, but he was beyond exceptional in playing the most mysterious character of the three. like i said before, the story was amazing & very unique, particularly the mystery surrounding Kojima & how the character serves as a bitter catalyst to the chaos that takes form around them.  the film was very unconvential & unpredictable, much like most of Tsukamoto's work & even though it is so story-driven, it still is one of the most abstract works the director has created. i really enjoyed how the characters of Tsuda & Kojima really looked a lot like eachother yet were, personality-wise, polar-opposites(yes, they're brothers in real life, but i think maybe Tsukamoto did that on purpose) the film feels a lot like it's one of the director's more personal works. it truly is a feast for the eyes & it lets people like myself feel good to know how great movies can be. it isn't anywhere as out there as the Tetsuo films, but if you are into them or any of Tsukamoto's work, then this is very worth checking out. i'd even put it up there as one of his top 3.
I'm from the UK and just had to buy this DVD Box set!  This is one of my favourate cartoons of the '80s and it really brought back some childhood memories! ;-)  It's great that they finally brought this fantastic cartoon to DVD.  And to the company that released the box set, if someone gets to read this, I really recommend you release a Region 2 box set in the UK as I know it would go down a storm!  I have at least 6 friends here that always used to brag about it!
great story. cast fantastic. this movie had me guessing the WHOLE time.  Julia Ormond is awesome. Bill Pulman is unreal.
It's now billed as a Richard Pryor film. In truth, Pryor makes a short, mildly funny, very dated cameo. The cast is unusual and varied. Besides Pryor the film features (are you ready?) The Ace Trucking Company; John Lennon; Yoko Ono; Fred Willard; Ron Carey; Michael O'Donoghue; Andy Warhol; Peter Max; Al Goldstein; BB King; Joan Baez and Sha Na Na! Worth seeing (maybe) once just to see what a mess it is! Unbelievable.
This two-disc edition of the excellent 1964 Best Picture winner MY FAIR LADY is out finally in the ultimate DVD release jammed-packed with a chockful of extras that will keep you entertained for hours!! This is a HUGE improvement from the 1998 DVD release with hardly any extras,only commentary,and trailers.The first disc contains the entire 173-minute feature in a beautiful,high-definition transfer taken directly from the 1994 restoration print in its glorious 70mm Super Panavision format (2.20:1),but also has an excellent audio commentary by the film's art director Gene Allen,Audrey Hepburn's singing dub Marni Nixon,and the film's restorationists Robert A.Harris and James C.Katz which originally appeared in the previous '98 release.The second disc is mostly bonus features such as the outstanding 1994 documentary "More Loverly Than Ever" (originally a part of the 30th Anniversary Deluxe Box Set,which is now out of print) which promoted the film's 30th Anniversary rerelease about the making of the film and also the restoration which took nearly two years to complete and is hosted by non-other than the film's co-star and TV's Sherlock Holmes,Jeremy Brett.Also included here are rare production featurettes such as the featurette "The Fairest Fair Lady",The 1963 Production Kickoff dinner,1964 LA Premiere,Oscar ceremonies,and much,much more!!! I highly recommend this DVD for any fan of great musicals and is perhaps THE BEST 'special edition' release in recent years!!! Three cheers to Warner Bros and CBS!!!!
This is most likely the best martial arts movie set in tournment style ever achieved in the history of cinema. From the musical score to the dramatic movements of the characters this movie really does set itself in a realm beyond all others.
Take the chance to see/enjoy the special and eerie beauty of the S. Pole...the icy landscape...the beauty of the frozen desert...Learn all aspects of the Circle-of-Life of the emperor penguins.  See this NOW, while it still exists, as it could well be gone in our lifetime.  Do what you can to preserve the habitat which is so quickly disappearing from Mother Earth.  Love them, for they are us.
I think the idea is that you watch this with the expectation that it won't be as good as Gladiator (what movie is) but will be better than Zena. The lines were quite shallow and the story line wasn;t that deep but you simply don't see these types of moveis for that reason. This is about the battles, the scenery and Eric Bana (who did the best job out of all the actors). Orlando Bloom really suited the role of Paris too. I see him like this in real life. He's not really brave or moralistic or even mongamistic but he's the new age ladies' man with the lovey dovey emotions. To sum it up, th battles were great, Brad played a good barbarian, Eric was a good Prince, Orlando was a great coward and whoever played Helen was great to look at...but she would have been better in a movie like 'Blue Crush'.
Anyway, the story is an idyll that is really out of time and place.  Apparently it takes place in the early 20th century in Ireland.  It seems to be after the Irish Revolution, but before the First World War.  I say before the war because the movie never references the awful loss of life that traumatized every European nation that experienced it.  Any later than that and you would wonder where the planes and cars would be.   It is a good love story, but the whole concept of dowry and the stubborn character shown by the whole Danaher clan would be mysterious to the younger American generation, as would the purpose of a matchmaker and the formal courting rituals that the movie sends up. John Wayne is quite fine in this role as is the whole cast.  It is a very enjoyable film with a lot to recommend it for the family.  It will certainly spark some discussion with the kids that might be helpful and broaden their cultural horizons.
This pkg came in excellent condition - the case was in great shape and all 3 of the movies were awesome!  This is one of those movies that you can always sit down and watch with your kids and laugh through it !!
Most science fiction movies fall into two rough categories: "Star Wars"-style action films, and more cerebral movies in the vein of "2001: a space odyssey."  (Of course, the classification is simplified; a movie like "Minority Report" can bridge the gap between the two sub-genres).  "Solaris" belongs firmly in the "2001" school of sci-fi, which may explain why I liked it - and why it failed at the box office.  Cerebral science fiction movies demand patience and active involvement and almost always disappoint the masses.  (Recent examples include "Gattaca" and "AI: Artificial Intelligence," films I admired that achieved something less than blockbuster status).  Such is the case with Steven Soderbergh's "Solaris," which extends a concept that might have driven the plot of a Star Trek episode to feature-film length. That "Solaris" feels longer than its 99-minute running time is not necessarily a bad thing.  It's a philosophical movie that eschews action, effects and violence, and is content to linger on moments and details as it considers its trenchant themes.  I can't say too much without giving anything away.  The setup is that Dr. Kelvin (played by Soderbergh favorite George Clooney) is summoned to a space station where some sort of disaster has occurred.  (Imagine how "2001" might have played out if Heywood Floyd's Clavius Base cover story had been true, and you'll get the idea). Shortly after arriving on the Solaris base, Clooney meets the survivors, and soon understands why they don't want to leave.  Soderbergh's directs efficiently, and the performances by Clooney, Natascha McElhone, Viola Davis, Jeremy Davies, and Ulrich Tukur all resonate.  Soderbergh wisely uses special effects to serve the story, based on Stanislaw Lem's 1961 novel of the same name.  (I haven't seen the 1972 Russian film also based on Lem's novel, but this version inspires me to seek it out).  "Solaris" asks us to consider many questions: What would we do if given a chance to relive the past?  How important is memory to our concepts of our loved ones?  Would we choose a false happiness over the ups and downs of reality? "Solaris" uses a futuristic setting to explore these questions eloquently and profoundly, leaving the viewer to supply the answers.  Bring an open mind to "Solaris;" it's worth your time.
A man, with a prominent career, lives out in the country with his family. One day while he's hunting, he finds an uncivilized wild woman. He captures her and locks her up in his basement. He is controlling and abusive to everyone. He forces his family to care for the wild woman. His demands, thoughts, and actions aren't rational. There are moments of torture, abuse, and gore throughout this movie. The acting and camerawork were actually of good quality. I just personally prefer horror movies that are mostly psychological or paranormal. If you prefer gore or Quentin Tarantino type films, you might rate this one a 4 or 5 star.
Lost boys was another well made modern day vampire story that I was happy to be able to purchase on dvd because, yep, you guessed it, my vhs copy of this wore out also. Dianne Wiest is good as the mom and the grandfather that they come to stay with is eccentric but often hillarious. Jason Patrick has a somewhat eerie presence about him at times and Kiefer Sutherland is perfect as the leader of the vampire gang. What's a good horror flick without a pretty girl for two young vampires to squabble over, enter (Star)Jamie Gertz. It is always a pleasure to see Corey Haim and Corey Feldman together in any movie and they are great together in this one. Special effects are very good, humour is abundant and gore is widespread. The sountrack to this movie is awesome. So, set back, turn out the lights, grab a chineese takeout and oh yeah, are you sure that's a container of rice that you are eating? Nuff Said.
Viewed: 1/11 Rate: 2  1/11: *yawn* Another clunker in James Bond franchise. Sean Connery is ready to mail it in because he looks too old and, quite frankly, bored to pieces. Naturally, he had $$$$ in his eyes. Diamonds Are Forever truly is a rubbish picture that refuses to change the formula. It's like beating a dead horse and seeing if there is a diamond coming out of it. What is it now: the third different actor for Blofeld? What's so important about him? Do I really care? Seriously... Looking at the poster for Diamonds Are Forever, it gets pretty obvious that the film was blatantly meant to be overly sexist, and of course, more women are bedded by the inveterate poon hound James Bond. I already have now dismissed him as a real British spy but more of a womanizer on a quest of 100,000 women bagged. Why couldn't they title the film as Vaginas Are Forever? I mean, that has to be the most appropriate title of the film. Look at the poster of the film...tell me if I am wrong. Notice that the last two Sean Connery movies, there is always a girl in a two-piece bikini in the end. What gives? Naturally, Lana Wood was cast into the role of Plenty O'Toole because she was on Playboy cover. Believe it or not, she is the sister of the late Natalie Wood who lived a very short life. All in all, skip Diamonds Are Forever and find something else better to watch.
The date: September 6, 1986. The setting: Barbra Streisand's backyard in Malibu. This concert was held by Barbra at her home. It was to raise money so that Democrats could take back control of the Senate and make things right for the nation, and face the issues that we were very frightened about back then. And yes, twenty years after this show, we seem to be facing these similar situations still. Barbra looked absolutely beautiful from beginning to end in this program. It never occurred to me (or anyone else) that this concert (and her other specials) would become available on DVD. Before this show came to DVD, people had to buy it in music format (LP, cassette, and CD). But now, it is here on DVD for fans of Barbra to enjoy. Barbra sings some of her most well loved songs, such as Evergreen, The Way We Were, People, and a number of others. Barry Gibb shows up later on and shares the stage with her to duet on Guilty and What Kind of Fool (here's a trivia tidbit for you: When Barbra was doing One Voice, it had been six years since she and Barry sang these two songs together--be sure to check out her startled reaction to Barry's voice while singing Guilty; that's funny). That was interesting. Before the show begins, Robin Williams gives the audience a comedy show (Camp Barbra). You also get responses from a few celebrities regarding Barbra doing this concert. Bette Midler, Henry Winkler, Whitney Houston, Sally Field, Sheena Easton, and Rep. Barbara Jordan give their positive thoughts regarding this evening and know that it would be an evening no one would forget. There are a couple of extra bonuses to this DVD: 1. You get a 2006 introduction by Barbra, in which she describes in retrospect that evening and her reason for holding the concert. She also discusses the issues that we're currently facing over twenty years later. 2. There is an audio invitation by her before the show (from '86, of course). The audio and video quality on this DVD is so sharp and clear, you almost get the feeling that you've gone back in time to 1986 watching this program. A must have for any Barbra fan's collection. If you own One Voice on any one of the music formats (LP, tape, and/or CD), but don't yet have the DVD of it, what are you waiting for?
Although I usually don't watch comedies,this is one of my favorite movies! Since by now you probably know the plot,I'll skip that & just say that it is soooo refreshing-that for once in a movie- an overweight girl becomes the most popular dancer & a community leader PLUS has her pick of gorgeous guys! My absolute favorite part in the movie is when star Tracey Turnblad (Ricki Lake) leads a "Ladie's Choice" dance & strolls down the line of prespective boys-ultimately choosing hunk Link Larkin-who by the way turns out to be very sweet & falls in love with Tracey for who she is~her weight is not an issure with him which I think is fantastic!Link & Tracey are both modern-thinking teens who share a love of dancing, an interest in black culture & both strongly support racial equality which I think brought them together.  Besides fabulous acting by the entire cast, this movie also focuses on (often times with wicked humor!)politics, racial segregation/intergration & interacial romance.All the songs in the movie go perfectly & really set the mood of each scene. This is a "feel good" movie that you can watch over & over again & never get tired of it! In the end, it all comes down to being confident in who you are/what you look like! One of the best movies in history in my opinion.
Some Summer movie fans thought that this film wouldn't come close to being a blockbuster like The Dark Knight.Well let me say that The Dark Knight was a confusing mess and this time DC Comics really dropped the ball.Iron Man was very well done.It stayed true to the origin story of why Tony Stark became Iron Man somewhat.In the comics he escaped out of Vietnam as a POW,in this adaptation it was in the Middle East. But that's a good thing because this film is set in the present time and it all makes sense in our world today. It is also a commentary that a man can change his ways and make a difference in the world. Faverau really avoided the fact that Tony was an alcoholic and was a greedy prick in most cases.The director did show Tony partying alot and drinking here and there.Iron Man is a great companion film to Incredible Hulk.It is best to watch Iron Man first and then Hulk because at the end of The Hulk Tony shows up and makes a comment eluding to the Avengers.In one scene you can see Captain America's shield in Tony's workshop.Jeff Bridges is in great shape for his age and plays the ultimate villain,a backstabber! Marvel is giving DC it's money's worth and is bringing the heat.Just a side comment if I may,but late 2008 and 2009's flicks are going to be awesome. Here's the lineup so far.Punisher:War Zone,Watchmen,GIJOE,Transformers 2:Revenge Of The Fallen,Wolverine,Terminator:Salvation and Superman:Man Of Steel.Marvel and DC have been at it for years over the summer box office.And that's okay because the fans are the real winners.So when you get Iron Man make sure you pre-order Hulk.And if your'e a comics nut like I am,you should get Dark Knight just for the hell of it,just because you'll be owning Heath Ledger's last complete role on film.
I eagerly await the prequel, Bloodbirth, currently in production telling the story of a young Frank Dux born with his umbilical cord wrapped around his throat. Stan Dux, Frank's once kindhearted sweater knitting father, blames his wife for the accident. Stan begins drinking heavily. His drinking becomes out of control and culminates in a scene at his son's 6th birthday party.  Upset and disoriented after a particularly viscous round in the moonwalker, he vomits on his boss's wife before challenging him to arm wrestle. When his boss declines, he runs inside only to return moments later wearing a karate gui and sporting the $300,000 conquistador helmet he had appraised at antiques roadshow. He is greeted with the silent stares of concerned parents while the voice of Rick Derringer ominously begins blaring "I am a real American" from the stereo. From the front porch, he surveys the lawn and chooses his target. Like a man possessed, he charges Tinkles the clown, headbutting him into a coma before turning his attention to the pony.  The pony, already skittish from the clown's beating, rears and dropps a child to the grass.  Thankfully, before the pony is able to trample the child, Stan greets him with a ferocious scissor kick to the spine sending him to his knees spurting a violent stream of an organ/excrement slush like a tube of toothpaste that just had a bowling ball dropped on it.  Chaos ensues.  Parents and children screaming run from the scene trampling the bloodied unconscious clown, the pony howling in his death throes as Stan, enraged at the pony's lack of fight, continues to brutally scissor kick until the midget, hired by Luvable Hugables petting zoo, wearing an all black t-shirt with white letters in all caps spelling ENFORCER across his chest and a crossbow full of tranq darts  is able to subdue him.  His marriage is now on the rocks and in the depths of a 72 hour Sparks and Grey Goose binge, he begins to beat his wife Mary blaming her for the birthing incident that resulted in their son's motor skills becoming so impaired that he speaks with a Belgian accent. Little did Stan know...that on that dark day where he murdered his wife by repeatedly slamming her head into a refrigerator door, that the accident had actually imbued Frank with super strength and reflexes rivaling those of legendary quarterback Jeff George.  Onto the film. A young American boy (played by Dustin Diamond) mysteriously wearing a New York Giants Shirt and a San Francisco Giants cap is peer pressured into breaking into an aging Vietnamese man's home. The Vietnamese man, a noted Samurai warrior, is so impressed by young Frank's love of all things Giant that he decides to teach him the way of the Samurai. After many days of training, Frank has grown into a noted CIA agent and gained super powers through utilization of an intense kung-fu focus that allows him to sense attacks while serving tea blindfolded and the ability to capture koi with his bare hands, also while blindfolded. One might wonder why the early plot development has such a focus on fighting while blindfolded.....but that's because you are stupid.  Frank is later summoned to the Kumite, a world where violence and intrigue are mingled with casual sex and even more intrigue.  I'll stop here as I don't want to take you any further into this modern take on Shakespeare's Hamlet but suffice to say that while most movies flounder and fall short after such an epic opening, Bloodsport is a non stop thrill ride that will have you swearing that each scene is the greatest moment of your life and gives the whispered words "Mateeee..." dominion over Citizen Kane's "Rosebud" for cinematic significance.  If you could take all the music ever made and compress it using "science" it would be but a flickering candle to the sun that is the soundtrack for this movie. Bishop's Steal the Night makes angels weep, but be careful of the setting you are in while listening to Fight to Survive as without the accompanying video to focus your mind, you may go into a rage so powerful that you enter the telephone lines ala the lawnmower man.
I would have given this movie four stars if it had a more suitable ending for Indiana Jones fare.  I was expecting to see Mulder and Scully from the X-Files running on the other side of the temple at the end.  Seems to me that Lucas could have done much better with the script after all this time.  Harrison Ford was great as usual and the supporting cast did a decent job.  If you're an Indiana Jones fan you will like this but it will leave you a little dissapointed in the end, just a little.
I am working on my master's in mental health counseling. I will be using methods like meditation and Reiki in my practice. In the past people marketed Transcendental Meditation (TM) to make large sums of money. The concept of meditation was good but using it to bilk large sums of money from others was just wrong. Reiki is at a crossroads. People must decide if it is to be used just as a money making scheme or for the betterment of mankind. The concept of Reiki works. It has helped many people. But like TM some see Reiki as a way to make large sums of money off others. Steve Murray has taken Reiki and made it available to everyone at a fair price. His books and tapes work. Bravo Steve!
This appears to be nothing more than a series of unscripted, improvised scenes, a great many of them sexual.  Is it supposed to be a (im-)morality tale?  Can't tell.  Production values are non-existent. The only reason anyone would watch this is for the many, obviously not just simulated, sex scenes.  But the characters (and, alas, actors) are unappealing.  We get it:  they are young; they do drugs; they have lots of sex.  But we are given no reason to care about any of these characters.  And, I am afraid, even if we did care, the movie is so meandering and poorly made that it would still be torturous to sit through.  Spare yourself!
I often stream movies from Amazon.com. As usual, the picture was flawless, the audio was crisp and clear, and there was enough time to rewatch the movie. I really enjoy Amazon.com movies. And they are reasonably priced.
An excellent movie. A very good family movie. Story kept you interested through to the end.Good story about a homeless dog getting a family to love him.
As an introduction to the "sport" of surfing (if that is an adequate word to cover what many see as an almost-spiritual pursuit), Bruce Brown's 1966 film, "The Endless Summer", will always stand alone.  His 1994 follow-up, "The Endless Summer II", was a worthy and enjoyable re-visitation of the sport and how it had evolved in the 28 years since the first film.  In both films, his "road movie" approach and his funny, quirky, sometimes goofy narration was in a class by itself in conveying the joys, frustrations, thrills and risks of riding ocean waves.  With "Step Into Liquid", Bruce's son Dana has presented a comprehensive look at surfing in the 2000's...with mixed results.  To his credit, Brown views surfing through the widest possible lens - covering unusual surf destinations like Ireland, Rapa Nui (Easter Island), Vietnam, Texas and the Great Lakes - and showing us all kinds of surfers: kids, female pros, the disabled, older guys, etc.  One problem, for me, is with the extended segments on big-wave riding, which - while thrilling and beautifully filmed - almost seem like they belong in a different movie.  Segments on Jaws, Mavericks, Teahupoo and Pipeline feel like they were lifted right out of "Billabong Odyssey" or "Riding Giants", and they are presented in an on-again, off-again fashion, as if Brown is trying to juxtapose all other aspects of surfing against big-wave riding.  Since most people, including surfers, regard big-wave riding as a fringe sport for daredevils and adrenaline junkies, I'm not sure the amount of time given to it - in a film clearly aimed at non-surfers and beginners - really makes sense.  It's almost as if Brown couldn't decide between making an "intro to surfing" film or a hard-core big-wave film, and so decided to attempt both.  Ironically, a large number of beginners may very well be scared off by what Brown presents here as "real surfing".  This reservation aside, "Step Into Liquid" is an enjoyable, somewhat offbeat look at where surfing is (or was in 2003, anyway) and how it has become more of a lifetime, all-ages pursuit rather than the adolescent fad it began as.  It doesn't measure up to the elder Brown's films, but it's a good first effort and well-worth the time.
I never thought I would like a movie that featured Justin Timberlake sexing anyone up.  I was wrong.  This movie is phenomenal.  The director throws viewers right into the film with a whimsical dual scene in which both Timberlake and Kunis portray the rejected partners of separate relationships.  Quickly, the plot develops and it is no quickie.  Character development and relationships feel natural and genuine. This movie will definitely be a trans generational hit despite the unconventional ideas behind it.  I am impressed with Timberlake as an actor, performer, and musician.  "What do you know about women anyway," is more than Dylan's impression of life.  In this film, Timberlake becomes Dylan.  I could see other actors in the role, but I doubt they could have pulled it off with the same style and memorable charisma.  Of course, his trademark sexuality also makes for a great draw for many.  Mila Kunis is incredibly sexy in this too.  She plays the independent professional woman well, but reminds me that there is a little princess deep down inside who wants her romance to be magical.  "Why don't they ever make a movie about what happens after the kiss," Jamie wonders.  Kunis's Jamie also defies the stereotypical hero by being just as charismatic, controlling, and heroic as her male counterpart is.  Woody Harrelson makes a great-unexpected wise man in this too.  His skewed vision and outrageous portrayal of a metrosexual plays perfectly into the chemistry of the film.  He also contrasts Timberlake's strutting and boasting effectively.  There is definitely no overacting in his work.  I also love Jenna Elfman, and her portrayal as the wise sister and alert girlfriend is sensational.  She is genuine, charismatic, and does not upstage either Timberlake or Kunis despite her super-star skills.  I would not recommend this for anyone under 18 though.  The content is very sexy, and though it comes clean as a romantic comedy, there is just enough sultry fun to make it adults only.  I am not sure how it rates at the box office, and I am positive America's modern teens dug their teeth into this eyes-wide-open.  Despite that, there is a culture in America of sexual propriety.  Rated R movies are one of the benefits of getting older.  The soundtrack for this movie is also incredible.  Songs like Semi Sonic's Closing Time to Kriss Kross's Jump, Jump mark the action with catchy tunes that will conjure up memories of the film for anybody.
I love this movie.  It is very interesting and I liked it a lot.  The basis is the earth is destroyed, and the evil aliens are after the Titan which is a machine capable of making another planet Earth.  A boy who has grown up has the map in his ring to where the planet is, but he does not know it until he runs into a group searching for it.  They go on a wild adventure and it is very interesting.  I liked this movie a lot and recommend it to anyone looking for an action packed animation movie.
One of the best movies ever made.  Cronenberg hit top form and top weirdness with this one.  This is not just another hole in the stomach for inserting video cassettes film?!, this is the one that worked.  The best way to watch this film is to have very little knowledge of what it is about before seeing it.  So all I will say is "buy it now". Apparently it didn't do to well at the box office and if you watch the trailer on this disc you will see why(whoever came up with it should be ...).
This is the movie that got the Americans to be inspired by that's why they made to movie (The Matrix). This movie takes place in the future were a government uses cyborgs or ones that look like humans do undercover work. Motoko the main cyborg with a female model looks like a porn star. She gets caught in a web when trying to search for a superhacker called "The Puppet Master". This movie is better then the (Ghost in the Shell [Stand Alone Complex]).
As noted by many reviewers, this film is a mess.  And generally, not in a good way.  The 2 stars represent an "average;" Edie and Wesley Hayes each earn five stars, but when you factor in all the 0's and 1's for direction, "script," etc.... Ouch.  The "Mr. Verdecchio" (Jean Margouleff) sequences nearly sabotage what little there is, but I guess when you finance something, you get to be in it....  By comparison, this film makes Ed Wood material look straightforward and prescient.  A review of the special features and interviews explains a lot.  Only George Plimpton--editor of Edie: An American Biography and Edie: American Girl--can string together a coherent sentence and maintain a linear thought.  Guess when you toss a lot of drugs on already marginal and self-absorbed personalities, Ciao! Manhattan is what you get.  Ciao! Manhattan is really very, very sad, both as chronicle of Edie and "Susan."  Some reviewers have noted the "Silver 60's" chronicled in the B/W sequences to be some sort of "Paradise Lost."  As if you're a "Superstar" because someone says you are, whether or not you've accomplished anything.  As if taking lots of drugs and acting recklessly is a statement of one's "depth."  If that were paradise.....
The American Revolution has always fascinated me and "The Patriot" is a spectacular drama on the big screen. If you are looking for strict historical accuracy then this film will disappoint you. However I concur with Tom Reynolds that movies with a historical theme do indeed inspire people to refer to other sources to gain further information. My love of history came about by reading historical novels as a child and watching Disney productions like the Swamp Fox, (starring Leslie Nielsen), about Francis Marion the legendary Carolinian guerilla leader in the Revolutionary War. In fact the central character in this movie, Benjamin Martin (Mel Gibson), known as "The Ghost," is loosely based on Marion-we even see an ambush on redcoats in the swamps of South Carolina. The British cad, Colonel William Tavington (Jason Isaacs),is also rather loosely based on Col.Banastre Tarleton, commander of the Green Dragoons, whom some historians believe has been demonised unfairly.Certainly Tavington's display in herding  villagers, including women and children, into their local church and then setting fire to the building is more akin to a Nazi-style action than something from the Revolutionary War, which is not to deny that atrocities occured-as they do in all wars.  Indeed, I think the challenge for American movie-makers is to be a little less patriotic in their future renditions of this important conflict between colonists and mother country. It has to be remembered there were many fine Americans who were loyalists and many of them were also treated disgracefully  before,during and after the great conflict of 1775-83. I would really like to see a future Revolutionary film produced like the Civil War's "Gettysburg," which was far more balanced in the treatment given to the opposing sides in another, later, great conflict on American soil. Having said that, "The Patriot" is a good action-packed adventure with some great photography. If it manages to interest people to further look at an important period in America's history then perhaps we should not complain too much about historical inaccuracies, particularly when US film producers use a West Aussie, Heath Ledger, for a major part, whilst the main actor, Mel Gibson,has spent so much of his life in Australia that we claim him as one of our own!
Great story with an awesome cast of characters.  Frances McDormand plays the great mom character trying to keep her kids safe and sound while one runs off to be a stewardess to get away from her, the other winds up on the road with a band writing an article for Rolling Stone magazine.  The magazine editors have never met him and don't realize he's only a teenager.  The band winds up denying the story he's written at first but then tells Rolling Stone that it was all true.  But the real story is in the journey of the band, the boy, his mother, his sister and of the "band aids".
This is an awesome movie with great animation.  One word of caution - watch with your children and talk about the differences between the movie and the Biblical account of the Exodus.
A friend of mine told me about this series & said she really enjoyed it. When Amazon offered the whole series for slightly more than the cost of one season, I took a chance and bought the whole series. My friend was right, this is a very enjoyable series. I was rather sorry they got rid of some of the characters and brought in new ones, but I guess they were just trying to keep it fresh. Wish there had been more shows. All in all, lots of fun, light drama.
Mozart is my favorite composer, I love his music, all of it - his symphonies, concertos, operas, Requiem, you named it. I've read many books about him; I try not to miss any concert where his music is performed. I know that "Amadeus" the movie is not exactly his biography, and his relationship with Antonio Salieri, with his father Leopold, with his wife Constanze Weber, with the Emperor Joseph II and with the court musicians in Vienna of 18th century, might not have been exactly like it was shown in the movie, and Mozart himself might not have laughed as Hulce did but I LOVE the movie. I've seen it many times and I still love it. It is about a conflict between a genius for whom to create was as easy as to breath, and a talent that realized that no matter how he tried, he can not be a genius. It is very easy to admire a genius from the distance; it is unbearable to be next to him and to realize that you never will reach the same heights. Admiration, contempt, hatred, denial, self-hatred and above all of these "monsters with green eyes" -divine music that will live forever, music oblivious to the dark passions, music that makes us feel the presence of perfection and harmony...  Once again, "Amadeus" is not a biography, at least I don't see it as such. It is a work of fiction and a wonderful film that did not make me see a real Salieri as a villain. Having read many materials about Mozart and his time, and having listened to the music from his epoch, I have a respect for Salieri and his music which is quite charming.  Amadeus - beloved of Gods and taken by them too early because those whom they love die young
The score is one that has haunted me since childhood, without ever knowing the provenance.  Thank you for offering this priceless movie.
You have to enjoy movies like Half-baked and the like to enjoy this flick. Definitely one that you will be quoting soon after watching.
One of the most interesting and original films I have ever seen, Wild at Heart is an example of how even the most controversial themes can work brilliantly in a movie when they are used with good taste. Unlike Blue  Velvet, this film is heavy on story and allusions, yet nothing seems out of  place, and there are no unfortunate occasions of overly pretentious or  hard-to-follow plotlines (Eraserhead, Twin Peaks). Brilliant performances  by everyone, an incredible art direction and excellent soundtrack make this  by far the most fascinating and moving film of David Lynch.
This is a great little movie from early in Cage's career.  A good cast and a surprising story.
This is the one movie, with the exception of Dances With Wolves, that has the right to be three hours long. Why? Because there is not a weak moment in the film. Whether you are on the edge of your seat waiting to see what will happen to Wallace's wife, or analyzing the politcal tactics of Robert the Bruce as you slowly realize how much you are like him, the film never drags and only gets better. Edward "Longshanks" is one of the most deplorable villains you will meet on the screen, and his son one of the most laughable. Sophie Marceau was the ideal choice for France's princess, and she plays the role of Wallace's patron and avenger with an obvious passion. I can't see how someone could dislike this film unless it were out of pure cynicism. This is the kind of movie you buy, not rent. You're alone on a weekend, not doing anything - you can always watch one our day's greatest actors and filmakers portray one of history's greatest heroes.
great service and quality of DVD. it was not a sample DVD that stores get to show on display for the public, those usually have somewhere that "not for sale" and the DVD has cut in it. I strongly recommend this provider.
Remembering this series from when it was first broadcast, I bought a DVD to have in my library.  It is still exciting and makes clear why we need to care for our earth.
I actually wrote an entire piece as I was watching it, and what you get is nothing but clever deviations and lies. It's basically Bush cronies in the press, journalism and political spectrums, trying to re-sell you everything that the GOP has been trying to sell you for the last 30 years. It distorts every topic it talks about, and gives a very bias point of view. While it does point out some very minute inaccuracies about Fahrenheit 9/11, and properly answers upon some of the edits Moore purposely cut out and left only half stated, it still only serves to glorify Bush and his Iraq war with even more incredible inaccuracies, solid fabrications, and outright untruths. It actually doesn't really do much of pointing out inaccuracies of Fahrenheit 9/11, in comparison. It paints Muslims as a whole out to be the enemy, and attempts to reinforce the notion that they all hate us, and they're trying to kill us. More specifically, everything Joshua Muravchik says is blatant lying. He's not like some of the other interviewees on this film who just kind of spew some spin on specific topics based on pure bias and not all of the facts, he entirely bends the truth 180 degrees, and presents it as fact.  Keep in mind, I'm not a Michael Moore fan. I watch a variety of documentaries and such films based on the American political spectrum, and he does happen to make them occasionally, as does Citizens United, though this happened to be the first film I've seen by them, as I tend to stray more into other unknowns. This film doesn't state much that you hadn't already heard from 2000-2008, but it just re-instills it into your head, like beating a dead horse. If you're looking for an anti-Michael Moore documentary, or a documentary that debunks Michael's points, keep moving. This virtually does neither one of them. For people who actually read, and know what's really going on in the world, this movie will only make you angry at the astounding lies brought up in it. It serves no real purpose other than a laugh, or enraging anger.
I'm a huge John Lennon fan and this film just made my day. It was the most unbiased film on him I've ever seen. Usually it's either Yoko just going on about John or the other Beatles moaning about him. This was a positive  movie to watch and enjoy.
What's Up, Doc is a wonderful screwball comedy that draws from all sorts of classic films, most notably Bringing Up Baby. It involved several people staying in the same hotel who own the same style of plaid suitcases. Barbra Streisand is a kooky student who horns in on an engaged man (Ryan O'Neal). He's there at the hotel in hopes of winning a grant to fund his research on prehistoric rocks. There is also a major theft at foot and a spy with confidential documents running around. Thanks to the identical suitcases, everything goes loopy with aid from Streisand.  It is strange to see such a wonderful film made during this time period. It's very accessible and can be watched by anyone, adults and kids alike. It is also truly funny and can be watched again and again without getting boring. And if you're not a Streisand fan, don't worry. She sings the opener and a bit of "As Time Goes By," but this certainly doesn't qualify as a musical.
I used to wonder why it was poked at so much on Saturday Night Live, and now I know why.  I could not stay awake watching this movie, the acting was terrible. Good thing it was on TV, I'd NEVER take the time to rent it, let alone BUY it (just thinking of purchasing it makes my stomach turn).  The only reason it even made any money was because it was Mariah Carey's first movie. My opinion... stick to singing
Planet of the Apes is a great "What if" tale. There have been oodles of movies where the heroic space travelers lurch forward in time to find earth in a completely different state. But when "Apes" was released and we found that the planet was ruled by monkeys, that took the cake! Charlton Heston is one of our heroic space travelers here. The theory of talking ape evolution is very interesting even if not very likely. In one of the later of the Ape series we find that humans are using apes to perform menial tasks but an uprising takes place. They are not only used as slave labor but mistreated as well. Monkey racism I guess you'd call it. That uprising is spearheaded by Ceasar, a talking chimpanzee (played by the late Roddy McDowall).  The series takes us forwards and backwards to show us how the simian race was able to take over in the first place. Unfortunately, the later films in the series are not the same caliber as the first but some of you may still find them enteraining nonetheless.  As for the first Ape film, you would expect that the ape makeup would count for 90% of the acting but gratefully, the acting is top notch in spite of the makeup jobs. The ending really blows you away because you're involved in the film so much that you aren't trying to figure out where the astronauts have landed. You just want to know why the monkeys are talking. Also interesting is that the apes have their own heirarchy. The gorillas are the brutes so they are all soldiers. The chimps are intelligent so they are the scientists and the orangutangs are the elite so they rule the land.  There are a lot of extras here.  Good stuff, not the stuff they threw on the floor while making the film.  The documentaries are interesting to watch as well as the creation of the facial makeup.  The process was brutal.  Once the makeup was applied, the actor had to stay in it until shooting for the day was over.  If they wanted to eat, most of what they ate had to be sipped through a straw.  There are cast interviews and Roddy McDowalls home movies as well.  Lots of fun stuff here.  You must have this dvd.  Get it now!
Another great movie from pixar. It is great animation no matter you love food or not.
This is the best Joe Penny movie...  Joe and Lisa make such a good looking couple and Joe gets to show his muscles off in this too.  It's a good romantic-tragedy.  A must for any Joe Penny or Lisa Hartman fan.
Based on actual events, the story of the loyal 47 ronin is probably the most dramatized story in Japanese theatrical tradition. Appearing originally as a bunraku puppet play, it was soon followed by a fantastically successful Kabuki adaptations and more than eight cinematic versions.  Its enduring popularity is based on the core Japanese values it represents; loyalty to a superior, at the cost of all things including life, love and personal happiness.  Like the Western King Arthur and Robin Hood, the 47 ronin have passed from history to legend.  This version, "Chushingura" (Full Japanese title is "Chushingura: Hana no maki yuki no maki,") is a sprawling 3 hour epic from the Japanese master of legendary films.  Director Hiroshi Inagaki, probably best known in the West for his 3-film Miyamoto Musashi masterpiece "Samurai I,II and III," brings his unique eye to the familiar story, blending a quiet human touch into the massive picture.  He has assembled the all-stars of the Japanese chambara ("swordfight") genre.  Tatsuya Mihashi ("Tora Tora Tora,") Takashi Shimura ("Seven Samurai,") Yuzo Kayama ("Red Beard") and of course Toshiro Mifune ("Seven Samurai," "Yojimbo," too many films to mention...), each name on the roster is one of the best, each with at lease on Kurosawa-credit on their resume, if not more.  The story unfolds at a long, dense pace, leaving you wondering along the way which of Lord Asano's 60-plus samurai will remain loyal, and which will give into fear.  By no means is this an action film, but a didactic tale stuffed with politics and the disintegrating nature of modernization and the loss of traditional morality and ethics.  However, the film is a long slow fuse, building to the dynamite that is the rightful vengeance of the loyal 47.  The final battle in the snow is a beautiful ballet of swords and blood.  Unfortunately, the DVD does not live up to the promise of the movie.  It is a bare bones disk, with a decent widescreen presentation and nothing else.  Due to the historical and important nature of "Chushingura," there is room for so much more.  However, beggars can't be choosers, and having the movie alone is a treat.  Maybe someday a better release will come along, but until then it is enough to watch the unfolding drama of 47 men willing to die for what they believe in.
Season One introduced us, Season Two GRABS US and doesn't let go.  Sadly, after Season Three, the networks did let go, permanently, but gratefully now thanks to DVD, we can relive every spin-tingling moment of Frank Black's life, both private and professional.  This season really has it all...Catherine's character is richly developed; the Millennium Group is not exactly what we originally thought, with secrets and lies being revealed; we are treated to devils having coffee at a diner, Lucy Butler, aka Satan, running rampant, and Lara and Frank developing quite an interesting working relationship.  We are heartbroken for Jordan as the season nears to a close and we realize that...whoops, don't want to spoil anything....is the end really near????
One of the best comedies I've seen in a long, long time. Definitely one to own.... and I do!
This is a beautiful, exilarating, joyful film if there ever was one. I can't watch this thing without getting an overwealming sense of euphoria. Godard wasn't really known for making such whimsical films, and this one  still contains his cynical observations on the relationships of people, but  it is nevertheless is most exuberant picture. I consider this my favourite  film of his, and indeed one of my favourite films ever, along with his (far  more depressing) "Contempt". All the acting is wonderful to  watch, Anna Karina is incredible, as is Belmondo. It also features some of  Godard's most exciting experimentation. See this film.
I love Katherine Heigel's movies and this one is no exception. This movie shows how people can either be brought together or torn apart when life throws you curve balls and to have a baby thrown in the mix makes things all the more interesting. I found myself smiling, laughing and tearing up throughout the movie and will watch this again and again.
I'll assume those here have seen the movie, or at the very least the tv show. I'm a huge fan of both, so I opted for the special edition dvd. The first disc features an extended film. I couldn't get enough of this film, so I was thrilled to have the extra 12 minutes, but I'm not sure you would miss them if you didn't know about them. The digital copy of the film is great, but most fans probably don't have a need for it. I love being able to watch it anytime, on my computer or tv. The deleted scenes are fun if you liked the movie, but the conversations with Sarah Jessica Parker and Michael Patrick King are underwhelming. If you read any of the reviews or paid any attention to the movie's extensive publicity, then you won't find much that's new.  Essentially: if you liked this movie a lot, you'll appreciate at least some of the extras, but if you're not a huge fan, then you probably won't miss them if you opt for the "regular" edition.
Wife and I don't like musicals but we like Scooby and the gang. Unfortunately, the negatives of this movie being a musical out weight the fact it's Scooby. Our kids like the show but get bored during the songs. For my wife and I, it's punishing to watch. Not sure why it gets such favorable reviews.
What can be said about one the best comedies in movie's history?  The cast from Monty Python made it their goal to create a movie that is silly as hell, and yet will have you struggling to keep your tears from laughing so hard. King Arthur (Graham Chapman) and his trust servant Patsy (Terry Gilliam) travel through medieval England. On their way there, they encounter some of the strangest people you'll have ever seen (Including, but not limited to 'The Knights Who Say NI', an invincible Black Knight, a Constitutional Peasant, and a king who was determined to build a castle in a swamp).  While they travel and gather companions to join them in the court of Camelot, they are given a mission by God himself. Arthur must set out and find the Holy Grail. In itself an easy enough task, but as his knights scatter across the country, they each become entangled in various perils (Imagine Sir Galahad the Pure being trapped in a castle of virgins who are dying to be spanked).  The end is sort of an anti-climax, but the legendary individual scenes more than make up for it. From it come numerous hilarious quotes that are frequently used by fans worldwide. All in all, a movie that you HAVE to have seen, even if it was just to know how to react when someone tells you to go cut down the mightiest tree in the forest with a herring. The extras on the DVD are probably worth it just to the fans of the flick, but I have yet to meet a person who saw the movie and didn't like it. Remember that during this movie, if you're going to be drinking, better swallow it down fast unless you want your fellow-viewers stuck in fluid.
I enjoyed this movie and, since I have never read the book, I probably enjoyed it the more for not having done so.  It actually makes me want to read this book.  The acting was good and the story held my attention but it was rather melancholy at the end, I thought.  For the price of the movie I don't feel ripped off.  It was a good buy and I am sure I will view it again in the future.  If you like BBC Classic Dramas as much as I do, you will probably like it.  If you are not into the genre, then this is probably not the best one to introduce you to the genre.
We Were Soldiers does the best job of showing the horrors of war since Saving Private Ryan. WWS goes even further to show the brutality on the omefront (Yes,the military actually did notify familes by hiring cab drivers to deliver letters early in the war.) There are some tough scenes to sit through, particularly a napalm indicident, but it is definitely necessary to sit through this movie at least once. Mel Gibson turns in his finest performance since Braveheart. Such emotion...you can jus feel it, thanks to the raw realism of this well-crafted film. The song "Sgt. Mackenzie" plays over two particularly harrowing scenes. It's an Irish war song, circa WW I, and I guarntee it will haunt you. WWS is worth seeing just to hear it.
this is a great movie and I bought it as a gift for some friends of ours and they love it also...
I love this movie. i was sceptical at first because of what i had heard but i decided to give it a shot. i was very suprised. this was an awesome psycological thriller, my fav. kind of scary movie. there was nothing predictable about this movie, i don't know where they are getting that crap! what movies have they seen that are unprecitable, i have not seen many myself, but this certianly was anything by predictable. i totally did not see it coming and i loved it!!! another good one like this that messes with your head it ABANDON, with Katie Holmes. i did not expect that much from her but she put out a great starring role in this psycological thriller that will have you guessing till the end! =)
The ONLY time I ever heard of this movie was when I saw a TINY ad in the paper advertising it for the ONE theater showing it. I was intrigued by the reviews and read about it online.  I just watched it tonight on DVD and as a guy who loves guy movies I was most pleased! The box saying "Beowulf meets Predator" is right on.  The acting, scenery and special effects are pretty good. The main Amazon review says the plot is complex and pulls the viewer in many directions, I didn't feel that way after viewing it. The only thing not touched upon in depth was a prior event involving an ambush & the tribe's war with some type of raiders but that wasn't really relevant to the present day plot.  It's always nice to find a cool movie that we haven't seen a million trailers for! How fun is it to have a few friends over, pop this in & have them amazed that they never even heard of it.  I was also a fan of the movie Pathfinder which didn't fare well in the box office but at least had trailers on TV regularly.  I will definitely buy this on Blu-Ray in the near future.  Noah
As close to magical realism as American cinema can get....a fairly flawless film.  One of Ewan's most endearing (i.e. bumbling) roles.
Okay: (1) The acting *is* wank (except for Dennis Price); (2) the script is hilarious (One classic exchange: "If Penny didn't kill those kids, then who did?"  "Someone else, obviously."); and (3) the "twist" ending is absurd (although it predates by one year the strangely similar finale in _Don't Look Now_). But: This movie is lots of fun.  AND it can still generate a couple of screams!!  Imagine a live-action, British version of Scooby Doo for adults.  This movie is the product of the same time and mindset as the cartoon.  It has everything the horror movie fanatic could want: gory murders (even the old severed head rolling down the stairs), secret tunnels, buried treasure, a hint of evil spirits, madness, a monster, sexual intrigue, gratuitous nudity, and lots of creepy atmosphere.  That island is the most foreboding piece of land I've ever seen. Check it out.
This movie has been the epitomy of millions of Boy Scouts and the enjoyable moments shared by Boys and Parents and the scout organization.  It is motivating in that it encourages children to gain Respect and learn about life.  The touching ending is especially good when they all get together and finally give Fred McMurray his long sought after law degree, which he had been putting off all his life for the love of the scouts and their activities.
This has to be the best sounding DVD I own. The sound is even better than Roger Waters' In The Flesh DVD, (also worth buying!), which was the best DVD I owned till Hell Freezes Over. I'm sort of dissapointed now 'cos I feel I've heard the best 5.1 Digital DTS Surround sound on DVD and its not going to get any better for me. A word of caution though, there is also a version of this concert in PCM Stereo only and the covers of both look too much alike. If you buy this DVD elsewhere be sure to check whether its the 5.1 DTS or the PCM Stereo. This release has both and the stereo mix is also fantastic. The instruments really do sound ALIVE. I've always heard other people talk about how great a paticular DVD is and how the players are right there with them. Well, I've never been convinced till I heard this concert. Its almost eerie to be so close! A great deal of care seems to have gone into capturing the acoustic quality of the guitars and congas. I have never heard anything like it in my life. And probably never will! The songs performed on this disc are very well performed. The Eagles seem refreshed and eager to play after their fourteen year vacation. There is a certain atmosphere, (almost a positive aura if you like!), around them. The fact that they are sitting down for most of the selections adds a relaxed feel and really sets the stage. The songs range from a brilliant version of Hotel California and ends with a bonus DTS audio only track of Seven Bridges Road with all five Eagles coming through the five seperate speakers - its mind-blowing. I can't stress how great this DVD really is - you have to see for yourself. Even if its the last DVD you ever get, which it might 'cos other DVDs won't even come close.
Ignore Willis and other "main characters" and watch this goof fest for the wild and wacky performance of Richard E. Grant and Sandra Bernhard as the evil supervillain power couple. You can tell by the way that they look at each that they realize two things: the script is pointless and they are being paid to vacation in Italy. This liberates them to be the living subconscious of rich marrieds everywhere--we all know the genuinely wealthy would behave this way if they could get away with it--and doesn't Princess Stephanie or Caroline of Monaco's rich German nobleman-hubby perform similarly splashy violent vulgarities? Watch Grant and Bernhard, eat popcorn, laugh and feel morally superior all at once. Enjoy!
Yes CSPWDT is mine. It has been a long 7 years since I first seen this and let me tell ya this movie is awsome. When I first seen it I was about 7 and it scared the s**t outta me! I mean I could have sat through "The  Blair Witch Project" and it wouldn't have scared me as much as this  did.If you are a hardcore zombie fan and if you want to be scared out of  your wits then "Children Shouldn't Play With Dead Things" is for  you.
Damon Runyon wrote a number of stories about the colorful people during the depression era New York City.  The most famous was Little Miss Marker.  Jo Swerling, Abe Burrows and Frank Loesser decided to adapt some of his stories into a musical.  It took Broadway by storm and Samuel Goldwyn bought the film rights.  He recast all roles except Adelaide.  Vivian Blaine became an overnight sensation for this role and no one else could replace her (or at least no one Goldwyn could afford) and this gave her the chance to memorialize her signature number "Adelaide's Lament".  There are two love stories in Guys and Dolls.  Nathan Detroit (Frank Sinatra) and Miss Adelaide have been dating for many years but Nathan constantly postpones their marriage, so "Sue Me".  This relationship is purely for laughs.  The other is a romance between professional gambler Sky Masterson (Marlon Brando) and local Salvation Army leader Miss Sarah Brown (Jean Simmons).  Nathan runs "The Oldest Established" crap game in New York.  But the heat is on and he needs $1,000 to "rent" a backroom.  Nathan doesn't have it and in comes Sky Masterson, a high roller who has a reputation for making strange bets.  Nathan tries to set up Sky with a rigged bet but Sky sees through him.  He finally makes the bet that Sky can get any woman Nathan chooses to Havana for the night.  Nathan chooses the virtuous Miss Sarah Brown.  Of course, Miss Sarah is immune to Sky's charms because when it comes to love "I'll Know".  It's only when Miss Sarah's mission is in jeopardy of being closed that Sky gets her attention by promising her one dozen genuine sinners for her revival meeting.  Once Sky gets Miss Sarah to Havana a bigger issue occurs, he finds out that he really likes her.  Therefore, he cannot claim the victory with Nathan.  To further complicate things, Nathan has used the Mission for his crap game and Sky and Miss Sarah return to NYC to bust it up.  And that busts Sky and Miss Sarah up.  Sky must now pay his debt to Miss Sarah.  He finds Nathan and his gamblers in the sewers of New York.  They have been cleaned out by a visiting big shot Big Jule.  Sky bets a grand against a marker for each gambler's soul (to attend the Rival Meeting.) So "Luck be a Lady".  They gamblers show up and give their testimonials saving the Mission.  Nicely Nicely Johnson tells the gamblers to "Sit Down, You're Rocking the Boat."  Nathan is last and tells Miss Sarah that he won the bet with Sky.  Miss Sarah realizes that despite his gambling ways, that Sky is honorable.  In the end both couples are married in Times Square.  This is a great example of a 50's Broadway musical with fine performances all around.  DVD EXTRAS: None
I would recomend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh.  It is a real life potral of a guy (Peter) working in a dead end job at a software company and hates every minute of it. but things that a turn that will have you on the floor.  This movie is THE funniest movie i have ever seen.  If you haven't seen it you have missed out.
My daughter saw this video on TBN and wanted me to order it. Then I bought another one.  I've seen it at least 5 times, never tire of it. Wow the promise of the Savior was in the skies from the beginning and who would have know it.  Since I been lending my out, friends are buying many more to give to friends and this month our Bible study will be the viewing of "The Star of Bethlehem"  It has been a totally eye opening experience for people of today to see "this GREAT wonder" that Fredrick Larson has spent years to delve into and try his best to portray. Totally Awesome! Gretchen from Hemet,Ca.
I still enjoy watching this movie after it first appeared on tv all those years ago.  I love the language, that excellent jousting scene and the melee. To me it is the best romantic telling of 'bold knights and beautiful maidens'. It differs somewhat from the book but any movie does. The sets are wonderful, the costumes gorgeous and the actors do a fine job. I do wish they had been able to put a commentary or a behind the scenes extra but I suppose it was made too long ago for them to add any extras.  If you are looking for realism this isn't for you but if you enjoy a good old-fashioned romantic telling of a medieval story then you will enjoy this. It has a feel-good atmosphere that is a real boost to the spirits after a dreary day spent in the modern world.
Perhaps the most fitting review for this travesty is that the American movie industry has become one more abuser in a long line of misogynists who take try to control Lisbeth Salander. I knew it would be bad, but they took one of the greatest lead roles for women and turned her into a timid milksop who was either naked, trying not to look scared, or asking permission of a man to do something.  This movie is one more sad abuse on the girl with the dragon tattoo, and if you care about women at all, do not bother to watch it.
You're making me angry. You wouldn't like me when I'm angry.  In a lab accident, Bruce Banner (played by Eric Bana) is hit with a healthy dose of gamma radiation, the effects from the blast triggering the dormant bizarre alterations to his body done to him by his father (played by Nick Nolte) when he was just a toddler. Now, every time Bruce gets angry, the gamma rays still in his body course through his veins and transform him into the Hulk, a booming mass of pure green muscle driven by rage and fueled by anger and frustration at all those trying to hurt him.  Bulldozing everything in his path, Hulk tries to outrun those who want a sample of his tissue and those who want him dead.  Bruce Banner must face what he's become and come to terms with its effects on his life, especially those on his ex-girlfriend, Betty Ross (played by Jennifer Connelly), and the relationship with her he's trying to salvage.  This Ang Lee-directed flick was well done, all in all. It took awhile to get going (the opening credit sequence was especially long), but once it did, things got intense, heavy and also fun.  This is a very emotional story. It's a story of domestic abuse, suppressed memories, obsession, confusion, loss and everything in between.  If anything, though, it was too emotional.  Hulk is a hard character to bring to the screen but given the time allotment he had to convey as much story as possible, Ang Lee did a good job.  This is not a good-guy-versus-bad-guy superhero movie. To watch it as one would be doing it a disservice.  The comic book-framed shots added to the experience for this reviewer. Likewise, the all-CGI Hulk, once you got used to seeing him (he looks pretty cartoony at first sight), was believable and incredibly, no pun, well done. The way his muscles rippled when he tore stuff apart or flexed, the sweat on his skin, his hair blowing in the breeze--Ah, all good.  This film is for true Hulk fans and for the viewer who likes the occasional monster flick or man-on-the-run movie.  Hulk smash!  A.P. Fuchs
Too slapstick, silly & boring.  I couldn't suffer through the first episode of this one.
Before I review Patriot Games for my 20 years ago series I'm going to review the movie that came before it The Hunt For Red October. Directed John McTiernan he directed Predator, Die Hard & Die Hard with a Vengence. It stars Sean Connery as Marko Ramius, Alec Baldwin as Jack Ryan, James Eral Jones as Vice Admiral James Greer, Scott Glenn as Commander Bart Mancuso, Sam Neill as Vasliy Boradin, Tim Curry as Lieutenant Melekin, Joss Ackland as Ambassador Andrei Lysenko & Fred Thompson as Admiral Joshua Painter. The story is Jack Ryan a CIA analyst has been sent photos of a Sunmarine called The Red October by British Intellgence. He goes to The CIA to tell The Deputy Director about it. On board The Red October Captain Ramius kills The Political Officer. Jack Ryan has met Captain Ramius before. He believe's that he just wants to defect to The US. Ryan sets off to The North Alantic. Meanwhile you have a Soviet Ambasador Andrei Lysenko tells American Officals to sink The Red October he tells them that it is a renagade sub. Jack Ryan wants to get to The USS Dallas to stop Commander Mancuso from sinking The Red October. He goes there by helicopter. Seeing this movie again it's some good stunt work when how he gets aboard. Ryan tries to convince Commander Mancuso to contact Ramius. On board The Red October the stelth equipment goes out & they want to repair it. Ramius wants to continue on course. Another Soviet Sub fires a torpedo at The Red October. Ryan goes with the others in a rescue sub they get to The Red October crew where Ramius asks for asylum in The US for him & ship mates. The cook of The Red October reveals himself as the sabateur cause he is  GRU agent. Ryan goes after him & he kills him. The USS Dallas helps The Red October evade the torpedo where the torpedo hits the attacking Soviet Sub. That's pretty much the movie. It has more to do with Captain Ramius Sean Connery's character than Jack Ryan. The next movie Patriot Games has more to do with Jack Ryan & Harrison Ford takes over the role which I prefer him over Alec Baldwin. Baldwin does alright though. The cast is good along with Sean Connery. Scott Glenn did what he could. Fred Thompson was ok. It was good to see them. Nice to see Tim Curry in here another good actor. John McTirenan did a decent job directing. Not much else to say but next will be 20 years ago Patriot Games.
An ogre Shrek (Mike Myers) thunders out of a fairy tale storybook to steer clear of him; a donkey (Eddie Murphy) follows his saviour when his fairy-tale land is devastated by the evil plans of Lord Farquaad who is narcissistic and short-tempered. Even the heroine, Princess Fiona (Cameron Diaz) is not your typical stereotyped beauty, but a spoiled, independent woman who rules with her dry wits and sardonic humour. Shrek makes a pact with the Lord Farquaad (voiced superbly by John Lithglow) to rescue his bride from the sentinel dragon in the castle, but falls in love with Fiona as they learn more about themselves in the rollicking adventure. SHREK coming from DREAMWORKS, takes a stab at Disney's imagery on fairy tale and that reality bites - this fractured story tale from the hands of William Steinburg is an instant classic with its wits and dry humour that charms not even the children but finally a cartoon feature that is sophisticatedly computer-animated even to make the adults captivated. The morality is devastatingly told - when the audience learns about beauty is only skin-deep and that ugliness could be a form of tender beauty. Savagely touching and poignant, it transcends the boundaries of a mediocre fairy tale to bring truth and learning to accept who you are.  Shrek brings in fairy-tale characters that all of us can relate to  - from Pinochio to the Gingerbread man, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, it is a rambunctious parody and a wicked satire which has all the elements of a good fable - friendship, bigotry and love. Not to mention the spectacular 3D animation that is almost realistically done to match the actors voicing them - and the "Matrix" and Star Wars spoofs. Its outrageousness - and sublime creativity - may make even Disney cringe in awe of their aggressive competitor.
A true sleeper... if you missed this show you slept on this one... one of the sneakest comedies on TV... Its unbelievable how FOX got away with all the politically incorrect comments....definetly one of my favorite shows..can't believe no one picked up on this show.. can't wait for season 2 to come on DVD...get the DVD and watch it you will see what I've seen...
I just watched this sequel last night and found it to be a welcome addition to the original film. The story was a bit weaker than the first, not as much daring-do by our green hero, but still an excellent and fun joy ride of characters we know, several new ones and some terrific craftsmanship (better than the first Shrek).  Plenty of sight gags, one liner's abound and some terrific music and dance numbers that round out a clever mate to the first film. The voices are perfect, the mating of the voices, actions of the characters are top notch. Kids young and old will enjoy this one. And watch out for the cat, he almost steals the show.  We demand a third Shrek film with the central characters and a few new ones to add to the mix. Great stuff, enjoy and share with your friends and children.
These are classic stories. They are told so that they are great for all ages.  The stories are up beat.  You could watch and listen, or just listen as you are dropping off to sleep.  Each story is worth watching over and over again.  I highly recommend them.  I watched them, and had to have a set of my own.
The movie is an Academy Award winner for Best Picture, so you know the movie is quality and an epic vision of feudal England and Scotland.  Therefore I will not review the plot and story.  The quality of the DVD is good, but I don't see a significant improvement over other DVD's of the film.  There is some additional footage you don't get in the TV versions, more graphic killings, a bit more blood, and some extra love scene kind of stuff.  Other than being able to watch it whenever I want, I don't know that I gained that much in buying it.
This movie has it all.Romance,lust,tradegy and sorrow.A sad ending that also makes you feel good inside.
A year ago i started using "Simply Yoga" by Yolanda which i simply love I could feel the benefits instantly a sense of calm and well being.I went on to order her other two dvd's "Yoga Easy"and "Yoga 2 Easy"which have been amazing this is a "must have" collection !It's great for  beginners and for those with a little more experience looking for a  graceful stretch this is the dvd for you Yolanda is the best buy the dvd you wont be sorry .
Thought this would be interesting from the other reviews and found it to be delightful, educational and fun to do.  Now I can bellydance in the process of also losing weight.  Well documented and you can review each individual section as needed if you are having a problem with one move or another.
This movie had such an impact, it literally re-invented the sci-fi genre.  A modern-day classic, with a great story and ground-breaking effects (at the time).  I'm really glad it includes the original version - it brings back fond memories of my high school & college days!
This is a fun AIP 50's Sci-Fi film!  Perhaps a little more low budget than some AIP pictures as the spaceship is poorly animated and the title creature is the reused spaceman suit from Teenage Caveman.  However, the plot is interesting and there are some well done suspense scenes. Plot concerns a scientist who crashes on his way back from a space flight.  When he is found, he appears dead but no rigor mortis has set in.  What everyone does not know is that he was not alone on the ship.  He revives just after the stowaway rips the head off one of the good-guy scientists.  Once revived, he finds that he is carrying the offspring of the alien stowaway. Film is quick-paced (around 60 minutes) and entertaining.  Not a classic, but well worth watching.  This DVD from Retromedia is much better than the others I own (Bride and the Beast, Mad Monster, Teenage Zombies), but is still a far cry from ones put out by Image Entertainment. There are some scratches and occasional (albeit rare) sound splices.  No extras on this DVD.  Nice title to have and I doubt other companies will release so I recommend it.
This review is based on having watched the film at home on Blu-ray with my family.  Warner brothers, with Dan Aykroyd voicing Yogi Bear and Justin Timberlake voicing his sidekick Boo Boo, have done a magnificent job of recreating the old Hannah Barbara cartoon series about the rascally bear of "Jellystone Park." This 80 minute film is very true to the spirit of the original and had both the adults and children in my family in fits of laughter. The human characters are shown in live action: the animation of Yogi, Boo Boo and special effects is so well done that you have to watch the extras if you want to work out where live action stops and computer generated images begin. Even in High Definition I couldn't see the joins.  The film starts with Yogi up to his usual tricks which will be familiar to anyone who watched the original, trying to steal "pic-a-nic baskets" from the visitors to the park, with the head ranger (Tom Cavanagh) trying to stop him. Shortly thereafter a wildlife film maker, Rachel Johnson (Anna Faris) arrives, wanting to film the unusual creatures who live at Jellystone. And then a cartoonishly evil politician, Mayor and Gubernatorial candidate Brown (Andrew Daly) comes up with a plot to close Jellystone and cut down all the trees. It will need all of Yogi's daft ingenuity and the efforts of the Ranger and Rachel working together to save the park ...  Even more than the original this film is silly but exceptionally entertaining fantasy. It was like watching a cartoon in live action, and although the film piles layer on layer of impossibilities it was extremely easy to suspend disbelief while watching the film and just enjoy it.  Quality of the visual images was superb, and the acting was excellent. Aykroyd and Timberlake wonderfully brought the talking bears to life, Cavanagh, Faris and T.J. Miller as the assistant ranger were excellent as supporting characters and Daly, with Nathan Corddry as his sycophantic assistant, made an effective villain.  A treat for both present day kids and forty or fiftysomething "big kids" reliving their childhood.
This season's episodes are as witty, engrossing, and well-written as the other seasons.  You cannot go wrong with any part of this series.  Never a false or cloying note.
let me say, that i loved this movie.  i loved it as a whole.  i did not "love" every part of it.  I think the part with Tom Waits & Iggy Pop is brilliantly awkward.  I think Cate Blanchett can do no wrong.  I enjoyed seeing someone else who feels that Nikola Tesla was awesomely bizarre (thanks Jack).  I mean, don't get me wrong, some vignettes dragged, but others more than made up for it.  When a scene was dragging on me, i just drifted off and enjoyed the cinematography.  This movie is very much a "different" experience.  With the kinda free-flow dialouge that makes movies by Robert Altman and Richard Linklater so endearing. And a shoulder shrugging hipness that makes Quentin Tarantino and Wes Anderson some of my personal favorites.  This movie reminds me that Jim Jarmusch is a curious observer, just like me, and that he isn't just an aloof director, but that he experiences the pieces much like we do.  He's our friend or guide, like in a Walt Whitman poem.  But then again, i suppose this movie isn't for everyone.  There is no plot to follow, and its not a particularly "flashy" film.  It's not even terrible experimental in terms of concept.  But i am glad that this is the case, cos oft times that type of stuff borders on pretention when in the wrong hands. The only really "challenge" this film poses, is the challenge of the way you choose to participate in it. I would enjoy seeing more of this kind of filmmaking cos i think it is a welcome change of pace from the "falsh/bang" of hollywood.  Or maybe i just really like coffee....
This is seriously one of the funniest movies ever. I've watched it at least twenty times and I still find new and exciting things about it. Above all look for Ellsmith, she is the key to the whole movie. Everything she  does makes one crack up and fall over in sitches. In short a great family  film!
What I appreciate about this film is that it really explores what happens in a marriage.  There are times when you love your mate more than anything in the world...there are also times when you wish they would die so you could move on with your life.  That's marriage...it's not a bad thing, it's just a marriage thing.  Both Bruce and Michele show such depth here, really getting to the root of their marital problems and showing the real feelings of the parties involved.  The film takes you through the deterioration of a marriage all the way through the breaking point and then back around again to where they realize they need each other.  Michele's speach at the end of the film is what makes her performance for me.  She was spot on and so lovable.  You could really feel her charactor.  I do have to say that I feel Bruce is a very underappreciated actor.  With the year he had in '99 turning out three outstanding performances (The Sixth Sense being his best by far) I would have liked to see him acknoledged by the acadamy.  That didn't happen, but it would have been nice.  Anyways, this film is at times corny but at heart it is a wonderful look at family and relationships and what we go through in order to keep them alive.
In the 'Iron Giant', a young boy discovers a giant, metal-eating robot from space that has landed in his home-town somewhere in Maine during the 1950s. They end up being hunted down by the government and, in the process, form an unbreakable friendship. I personally thought that the kid (Hogarth), who befriends the Giant, is a bit on the obnoxious side, as he yells quite a bit throughout the movie. The Iron Giant is okay. He reminds me of Iron Man and a Transformer at the same time, so not entirely original, but whatever. The story sometimes feels like it takes a few detours, but it remains the same: hide the Giant robot as long as you can! But, we all know in the end that the robot is exposed and then there's explosions and I'll let you see how it ends. The reason I gave it a 3/5 stars is because of the obvious anti-gun propaganda in the movie. Phrases like "guns kill" and "I'm not a gun" made me frown. In my opinion, guns don't kill; it's people who kill, they just happened to use a gun to do it. Anyway, this movie has good animation and a decent story that left room for a sequel at the end. Unless you're pro-gun control, I'd be cautious about your kids watching this movie and getting the idea that guns are bad.
I was so happy to be able to purchase this dvd, it was getting risky to play the old tape.  Yellowbeard is my favorite movie of all time, of course, I'm a huge fan of British comedy.  If you don't enjoy Yellowbeard, you don't have a sense of humor!  For those of you reading this who've never seen the movie, buy it, you won't be disappointed!
The 7/23/05 reviewer's observation was spot-on: Warner's Ultra-Resolution "edge-enhancement" technology is exactly what's needed to restore this Technicolor masterpiece to its original state so that viewers can see why it won an Oscar for color cinematography (this print looks as though it was colored with felt-tipped markers; in fact, I've NEVER seen a good print). American icon John Ford's love hymn to the land of his ancestors deserves more respect than has been accorded it. On the plus side, the extras on the disk--which are listed under DVD Features, so there's no point in my reiterating them--are informative and enjoyable. A must-see film, but it deserves to be seen in all its glory.
...and I emphasize "endometriosis" because, as those who have it know, it is no easily classifiable disorder...In terms of endometriosis, I found this DVD useful in treating those areas where I have regular pain or discomfort. It is a fairly simple set of yoga routines offering poses that (my favorite part) you can do most anywhere. This isn't true of all the poses, of course, but there are definitely those that I've employed while standing in line at the grocery store, while on a long car trip, making dinner, wherever. These are not difficult routines, and those accustomed to more advanced yoga might be disappointed. However, for those who are in decent shape--I'm a runner myself--and new to yoga, this works quite well. I use the word "works" loosely here, since, while I enjoy this DVD, I am not pregnant after almost four months of following the routines. In fairness, though, the clinic responsible for this DVD clearly suggests it as a supplement to Western methods of fertility treatment (IVF, IUI, and the like), which I'm not using.  So, a worthwhile purchase, good for easing the discomforts of endometriosis, but don't bet the farm you'll immediately get pregnant, especially if you've been diagnosed with something that compromises fertility. If that were the case, I'd have to give it a fifth star, naturally. :)
Oh come on, people!  Some movies are simply meant to be mindless fun.  Anyone who watches this movie and complains all the way through it is much more concerned with being a movie critic than with having fun watching a movie.  Sure, it's violent.  Sure, the characters are irresponsible and totally insane.  Sure, Costner's character is beyond evil and completely over the top.  Were you really expecting intelligent character development?  Then YOU'RE WATCHING THE WRONG MOVIE!  The mindlessness of the film was simply reflective of the mindlessness of the storyline and of every character in it.  That's the point, folks!   This movie was just plain fun.  It had some witty dialogue, it had some fun music that fit the film well, and the action was suitably so far over the top that you couldn't get depressed by believing that it might actually happen.  I mean, did you really want them to be serious about killing 20 or 30 security guards in a casino?  Of course not!  It's just a story, folks!  I mean, anyone that doesn't enjoy a casino full of Elvis impersonators is just plain determined to not have fun at the movies.  If you're not offended by violence and immoral characters, then see this movie and have a little fun.
This new blu-ray version of Casablanca is excellent. I'll leave other people to tell how great the film itself is. The transfer on the blu-ray looks fantastic - it's considerably better than the dvd, and probably the best looking film I've seen seen from the period. Some of the shots that were a little fuzzy on previous dvd releases are now crystal clear on the blu-ray. The commentaries are also informative, but those were included on the newer dvd. My only complaint is that the blu-ray is only available in the "Ultimate Collector's Edition." A lot of the extra material other than the movie disc won't interest many people. I only cared about the blu-ray, but was forced to buy all the extra junk as well. Warner Bros. should release a version that just includes the movie, as well as this ultimate edition with all the additional materials. Prospective customers who want to experience Casablanca on blu-ray, or who have never seen the film before, may be turned off by the steep price for a single film. However, despite the price and the superfluous lobby cards, the film is an absolute classic, and looks great on blu-ray.
In my quest to see more of the gorgeous Monica Bellucci I snapped up a copy of this little French 'romantic thriller' and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the story. The plot deals with elements of infatuation , deception, and obsession amonst a group of, essentially, four indiviuals (2 men & 2 women) and the complexities of their past, present, and future relationships with each other. The tension of the film is created by a lot of unrequited passions as the characters sort of chase one another around attempting to make a connection of one kind or another. There are some clever Tarantino-esque time shifting editting techniques that add to the sense of a jigsaw puzzle of plot elements ultimately coming together to a cohesive ending, of sorts, that is satisfying and frustrating at the same time. Bellucci is lovely, as always, though this is not one of her steamier roles (no nudity) - still she heats up the screen whenever she is in the scene. The film has a decidedly European feel to it - a refreshing change from Hollywood cliches - in French language w/ English subtitles - an engrossing and entertaining watch.
This is a good movie but I suggest renting it first before buying it because once you watch it a few times you will not want to watch it again for a while. This movie does have very good fighting action and keeps you very entertained while watching it. It is deffinitely worht renting for any action movie fan, maybe buying.
This is a wonderful film with stellar performances by the entire cast. It is about a young woman's quest for the meaning of life. Taking place in the early 1970s, it is very reminiscent of an era now passed, an era when "flower power" was the rule of the day.  Here, Kate Winslet plays Julia, a twenty five year old young mother of two children, nine year old Bea, stunningly acted by Bella Riza, and her younger sister, Lucy, charmingly played by Carrie Mullen. They abandon their structured, staid life in London, when Julia decides to leave their father to go to Marrakech in Morocco, then the capitol of the disaffected, in search of spiritual enlightenment. Taking her children, Julia goes on an adventure, an adventure to which Lucy, the younger of her two daughters, takes to almost immediately. Nine year old Bea, on the other hand, begins to yearn for a more "normal", structured life. Julia, however, will have none of it. Living in a Moroccan slum with her girls, she romanticizes their existence.   Julia becomes involved with Bilal, a street performer of sorts, who looks out for them. Wonderfully acted by Said Taghemaoui, Bilal charms Julia and her daughters. He cannot, however, support them, and they cannot support themselves. This becomes clear as they begin a rag tag journey into the Moroccan country side.   Sooner, rather than later, reality sets in. The adventure wears thin on Bea who becomes estranged from her mother. The harsh reality of every day life confronts Julia, who ultimately realizes that traipsing around Morocco just puts her young daughters at risk. Unfortuntely, this realization does not occur to her until she almost loses Bea to illness. It is then that Bilal steps up to home plate and gives them the means to return. They leave Marrakech to begin their journey home, taking with them enough memories to last a lifetime. This is a wonderful movie with exceptional cinematography. A virtual travelogue of Moroccan life, it is a visual feast that is sure to delight those who have a hankering for faraway, exotic places and a thirst for adventure.
even though i haven't seen the whole season i still think this is a must-have 4 any South Park fan like me trust me most of these episodes r HILARIOUS!!!!!!
NOTE:  No "spoilers" will be in this review.  Watching a Zhang film is like watching a moving painting.  And like Kurosawa and David Lean, who have both clearly had an impact on Zhang's own style of directing, the emphasis is on stylized, fluid motion and lush use of symbolic colors and color transitions, beauty of color and a variety of camera shots are as important as the narrative.  The plot line is simple, with a few twists and bends here and there to keep the audience guessing.  But fundamentally, it is an "old fashioned star-crossed lovers" tale where people, politics, and the "rules of desire" all clash to a worthy - if expected - climax.  One must applaud Asian directors in general for refusing to deliver the pat brands of "happy" or "perfect" endings.  The actors are beautifully chosen, and Zhang gives them enough close ups and ensemble work amidst all of the visual splendor so that they are never overwhelmed by their surroundings.  They are also highly skilled, using facial expression and "kinds of smiles" with a deft facility that makes long-winded dialogue refreshingly unnecessary and which makes them all completely convincing in their parts.  But it does make the dialogue there is critically important, so this is not a film where "tell me what I missed" is an option.  I watched it once for the story, and once just to enjoy its magnificence again.  The "echo game" dance sequence early in the film is not to be missed and almost hypnotically perfect.  Further, those who find Chinese music grating or annoying will have the chance to revise that opinion.  Simple where it nees to be, complex where it needs to be, a perfect compliment to the screen action without banging the viewer's eardrums half to death.  A simple tale elevated by a master director to the level of art.  Recommend.
I enjoyed the movie thoroughly.  I admire Jon and his passion to follow his dreams.  Anybody at any age who wishes to be inspired by an individual seeking fulfillment and joy out of life should watch!
A real estate agent (Alexander Granach) in the town of Wisborg, Germany receives a letter from a foreign aristocrat, Count Orlok, expressing an interest in purchasing a home in the town. The real estate agent dispatches his clerk, Thomas Hutter (Gustav von Wangenheim) to Transylvania to offer the Count a suitable house. Hutter bids his disappointed young wife farewell and eagerly sets out to make the sale of his career. He reaches Transylvania at the same time a mysterious disease is ravaging the countryside and finds the locals to be inviting but oddly superstitious. He also finds his host, Count Orlok (Max Schreck), to be an imposing and frightening figure. He finally senses that his wife, Ellen (Greta Schroder), may be in grave danger and makes haste to return home. Meanwhile, Count Orlok is also headed for Wisborg, where he plans to  occupy his new home. "Nosferatu" was directed by F.W. Murnau in 1922. It was written by Henrik Galeen and is a loose adaptation of Bram Stoker's classic novel "Dracula", faithful to the novel's themes but not to its story. The cinematography is by Gunther Kramph. This version of the film's score (Image Entertainment DVD) was composed and performed in 1991by The Silent Orchestra and Timothy Howard, who sought out music by 19th century composers who would have been contemporary to Murnau's youth when creating the score. Like many films of the era, "Nosferatu" was filmed in black and white but then tinted so that the final product is a colored film. Murnau uses no fewer than 5 colors in "Nosferatu". The colors are especially important in this film since they are used not only to convey mood but also to represent the passage of time: Sepia for daylight or indoor light, blue for night, mauve for dawn and dusk. When we see the color change, we feel time slipping past. Much of the movie was filmed outdoors in bright sunlight, which it seems was too much for the film stock to handle. Highlights in the film are terribly overexposed, which annoyed me almost immediately. Unlike many of his expressionist contemporaries, F.W. Murnau didn't like to shoot indoors in front of sets. His love of nature is commendable, and it distinguished his work, but super-contrasty scenes with no detail in the highlights are the inevitable result. "Nosferatu" is so replete with symbolism that you will have to watch it several times to catch it all. Count Orlok commands attention whenever he is on screen. He is fascinating. But the narrative itself is weak. If you're just watching this movie for the story and its terror-inducing properties, as I did the first time I saw it, I think you will find your attention waning during scenes which don't contain Count Orlok. The film is best viewed as allegory. Seen as Freudian, Christian, pagan, expressionist, romanticist, and/or social allegory, the story develops so many facets and implications that the viewer can't keep up with them all. Taken literally, the narrative seems sloppy and nonsensical in places but is saved by Orlok's strong presence. I recommend numerous viewings, including one with the audio commentary enabled. Intertitles in English only. The DVD (This refers to the Image Entertainment Special Edition DVD only.): Bonus features include an audio commentary by film historian Lokke Heiss, a tour of the film's locations, an essay explaining the phantom carriage ride scene, and a gallery of still photos and drawings with explanations. The audio commentary by Lokke Heiss is excellent. He discusses the romantic and expressionist influences in the film, as well as its structure, symbolism, technique, and allegorical implications. I highly recommend listening to the audio commentary on a second viewing. The tour of locations is also interesting. The condition of the print from which this DVD was made is reasonably good. There are some visual noise and imperfections, but not enough to be distracting.
I bought a copy of Mary Poppins for my daughters and they love it. I saw this movie when I was a kid 40 years ago and wanted to share it with them. They are still sign Chin Chimeny!
On this tribute-like video we see Nisargadatta giving some discources with students. We get to see brief clips of the Master in action. Although the footage of Nisargadatta is quite limited and of modest quality the filmakers make up for it with great, sincere tributes by his former students. Nisargadatta never actually speaks into the camera or gets interviewed in any sense of the word. It's just a few moments here and there of him teaching that they captured on film that we get to see.. The video consists mainly of former students speaking about their experiences with the revered master-similar to "A&E Biography. Some of them are: Jean Dunn, Jack Kornfield, Robert Powell and Stephan Wolinsky to name a few.  Even though we don't really get to see long discources with Nisargadatta Maharaj, we do get to hear voice overs of his teachings throughout the video.  The essence of Maharaj's powerful teachings are adaquetely expressed here, leaving the seeker with the Master's teachings to meditate and ponder on. Very Proufound.
Directed by the renowned British filmmaker, Michael Apted (Enough, Class Action and Extreme Measures) comes this classic behind-the-scenes look at Sting's formation of his first band after the break up of The Police. We actually see and hear the creation of such great songs as, Fortress Around Your Heart, Moon Over Bourbon Street and We Work the Black Seam. As Sting says at a Paris press conference in the film, this is a film about the beginnings of a rock band; where other music films record "Swansongs", the end of a band's era, Sting wanted to document a band's formation, growth and the trials and tribulations of a group of musical strangers, working to put it all together. And that's exactly what we get. Included are all the great songs from his first solo album, 'The Dream of the Blue Turtles'. Each musician in the band, through the course of the film, is interviewed about their thoughts on the music and their feelings about working with Sting. We also get a look into Sting's working habits as a songwriter and musician, and we discover that he's a perfectionist and quite the taskmaster. Most of the film is shot in a beautiful 18th century mansion, once owned by Napoleon the III. This gives the film an almost otherworldly ambience. The band rehearses for hours on end, from the early hours until late into the night, preparing for their debut concert in Paris. As they work towards this debut, we come to realize that there's a lot on the line in terms of Sting's career. The record execs are nervous but quietly optimistic as this is Sting's first solo endeavour. The pressure is on to produce and perform a few hits after the mammoth success of The Police - the rest is history. To add a little more drama, Sting's wife, Trudy, is also about to have their first child. All the band members have a bet on the exact date of the infant's arrival, and as it turns out, Sting wins the bet. The timing of the child's birth (which we see) couldn't have been any better. This film provides great insight into Sting the man and the artist. Despite this film being almost twenty years old, it retains its allure and has withstood the test of time. It should be standard issue for any Sting fan.
Great movie but the Blu-ray is a comple waste of time and money. It is as bad as other reviewers have stated. Unfortunately, I did not read the one star ratings prior to purchasing this. Technically, the worst Bu-ray I have ever watched.
A beautiful movie. Great casting, story, acting, settings, filming. All around, just beautifully done.
Christians, please do not watch this film! I am a Bible believing Christian who believes in the second coming of our Lord Jesus, and a great tribulation after the rapture of his Church, but I cannot recommend the film.  A good ending is no excuse for all the F-bombs and the expletive GD in a movie that appeals to Christian audiences. It is very violent and full of offensive language. There is also much violence against women including rapes and beatings.  I do know that these will be common in the end times, but we have a good imagination and expect these things to be left out of a film that is supposed to appeal to us. I shredded my copy to avoid offending anyone else.  Acting: very good, movie making quality: very good, moral rating: very low. This movie is a very offensive and has few redeeming qualities.
Billed as a dark comedy, 'The Savages' is certainly not standard movie fare but I think it's a film that we're richer for having around. Many have tackled end-of-life issues before but very few have done it like this. It is an unsentimental, unapologetic, slice-of-life depiction of two middle aged siblings, Linney (in an Oscar-nominated turn) and Hoffman, managing the rapid mental deterioration and death of their estranged, abusive father and the process - physiological and logistical - that entails.  It averts its gaze from none of the practical and emotional issues met by everyone whose family members live so long. From scatological problems to the appalling reality of nursing homes to the pressures of guilt, it covers the bases. It does punctuate it with moments of humor and sprinkles knowingly wry observations of sibling dynamics throughout. But there are no saccharine reconciliations or dramatic changes of heart in the last act to pull the punches. Things just happen and the people react as we all do - with integrity and responsibility in some areas and utter cowardice and flakiness in others. And with many things left unsaid.  My only real nit to pick is a slight sense of self-indulgence in the characters' professions. Everyone but the father is in the theater (or wants to be). It leads to a bit of inside humor that took me out of the movie a few times. (If you know who Bertolt Brecht is, it could open up another level of Hoffman's character to you. He briefly summarizes Brecht's epic philosophy at one point.) But it's not a huge liability.  Linney and Hoffman are, of course, impeccable but I believe Philip Bosco, who plays the largely silent role of the father, deserves praise as well. He speaks volumes with exhausted eyes and resigned yet pained stillness.
Weight Management for People with Curves is another DVD in Larry Payne's collection of Yoga Rx DVDs designed to provide safe, user-friendly yoga routines, this time for plus size yoga beginners wanting to lose weight.  In his introduction, Payne explains that weight loss results from sustainable lifestyle changes including exercise. He states, "You wouldn't think doing yoga would help you from opening the refrigerator, but it does." He goes on to provide a brief list of benefits of practicing yoga which include developing discipline and reducing stress, which I think is the really big benefit since stress so often leads to emotional and compulsive eating.  The Weight Management for People with Curves DVD, filmed on the grounds of the Rancho La Puerta Spa in Mexico, includes 2 fifteen-minute routines - the first a series of positions on a chair or with a chair for support and the second series done on the floor. Yoga teacher, Larry Payne, provides expert instructions while a 43-year-old woman who is actually larger than a size 10 demonstrates.  The DVD moves at a slow steady pace, with expert instruction delivered over background music (designed to be soothing, but that some may find distracting). Poses are performed in a flowing manner encouraging you to coordinate your movement and your breath into a relaxing rhythm, which is very calming for your body and mind.  The first routine begins with gentle seated poses that include arm raises, chest openers, shoulder rolls and seated twists. This is followed by standing forward folds with the support of a chair, and cat stretches and torso circles done on hands and knees. The session ends lying on the back with a flowing knees-to-chest sequence and a few minutes of final relaxation in corpse pose.  The second routine includes 15 minutes of gentle floor work that includes pelvic tilts, a flowing bridge sequence, alternate leg lifts, hamstring stretches, reclining twists. The program concludes with a brief relaxation followed by alternate nostril breathing designed to balance your nervous system and a brief (3-4 minute) seated meditation in which you are guided to observe the natural rhythm of your breath.  There is nothing very physically challenging about the exercises performed on this DVD making it suitable for beginners of all levels. This DVD is all about learning to slow down and connect your breath and your movement, something that can be very challenging for those of us use to moving through life at breakneck speed. Therein lies its healing, restorative, stress-reducing power.  If you are overweight or plus sized and looking for accessible, user-friendly yoga exercises to help you slow down, connect with your body, and relieve stress, that may very well lead to weight loss you may want to take a closer look at Weight Management for People with Curves.  Highly Recommended
I remember absolute being in awe at how Rodriguez brought Frank Miller's graphic novel to screen. I was particularly pleased with seeing some of my favorite actors in definitively different roles. However, this is better to rent than to buy unless you really loved the movie. It does make me excited to see how Miller's other graphic novel, 300, will translate to screen. I think they did a better job on that trailer than this one.
So you may be wondering what that "US vs International Version" featurette is all about - I know I did. The two versions are almost shot-for-shot identical, but in the land of the free, our version of the movie was made less bloody to apease the MPAA and keep an R rating. The rest of the world got the version that Cronenberg originally intended. While the movie is still absolutely brilliant (and has one of the most incredible endings I have ever seen) I think I'll wait for a proper release of the International version stateside, or import a R2 version from Amazon.co.uk (a special DVD player is required). For being the self-proclaimed most open-minded nation on earth, we sure censor ourselves a lot.
I bought this as soon as it came out on DVD. I just got around to reviewing it. The sound is not as great as I'd like but it is a must have. Image quality is stunning. This movie makes me wish I had a huge tv and not just a 36". This is one of the best written films. You will watch again and again. My fiancee doesn't normally watc older films. He has seen this one over and over. He will start reading or playing on the pc and always sets it aside to watch one more time with me. You can't  help yourself. That is the best praise I can think of.  Buy this dvd. I can't think of anyone who would dislike it. Seriously. It was a hit play and a hit movie. If you like old movies and this one try "the Women" on DVD. Not as broad of an appeal. But the same quick wit and same sort of humour. And Rosalind Russell, Norma Shearer, and Joan Crawford too.
Dead Calm is a great thriller. I actually give this film 3 1/2 stars only because I have seen better thrillers however this is a really good movie. I must say that BILLY ZANE delivers a Great performance in this movie. Not crazy about Nicole Kidman's performance or Sam Neill's. Billy Zane makes this movie for he never fails to disappoint us at playing "the villian". Starts out boring but the action really begins when they find Zane's character, the only survivor from the boat he was on. From that point on, the movie really  picks up speed thanks to Zane. Good entertaining thriller!!!
For those complaining that calling this "The Early Years" is misleading, reading the packaging or product descriptions should have clued you in that these are performances from the current acts.  You should have been clued in when the bands have names like "Joe Billingslea's Contours" and "The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards."  The performances are decent for what they are...I was kind of confused by the audio on Martha Reeves' performances, which sounded very much like pre-recorded tracks as opposed to the other performers, who sound live.  The Temptations Review actually sounds better than the current Temptations, and The Four Tops, even with a younger lead singer, still sound great.  If you can get this for less than $10, definitely pick it up.  If not, only buy if you're a HUGE fan of all the songs.
Didn't know anything about "The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo" Saw a lot of ads.  Became curious, found this version on Amazon and OMG move over "Silence of the Lambs".  Great movie! Great Acting. Worth watching a second and even a third time.
FRIDAY THE 13TH is one of my favorite movies.  One night at Camp Crystal Lake in 1958, two counselors, Barry, and Claudette (Debra S. Hayes) are brutally slaughtered by an unknown killer.  After that, the camp goes out of buisness.  Every time a new owner reopens it, something happens.  In 1960 the water was poisened, in 1963 there was a mysterious fire!!!!  But then, 20 years later, the new owner, Steve Christy (Peter Brouwer), reopens, spending a year fixing the place up, and now, a group of counselors, Ned (Mark Nelson), Brenda (Laurie Bartam), Bill (Harry Crosby), Jack (Kevin Bacon), Annie (Robbi Morgan), Marci (Jeannine Taylor), and Alice (Adrienne King), have arrived to get the place prepared.  It is Friday,June 13th, and the police are warning the teenagers that it is an unlucky day, yet, they do not listen.... FRIDAY THE 13TH is not exactly a good movie, but many horror fans shall defianetly enjoy it. The film looks VERY GOOD on this DVD from Paramount. The film is presented in a 1:85:1 widescreen format and there is not ONE area that looks bad, or dirty.  There are French tracks, as well as English subtitles.  Using the (Fairley Basic) interactive menus, you can access the standard Scene Selection, and a Theatrical Trailer. FRIDAY THE 13TH Is Rated R And Contains Strong Violence, Strong Gore and Brief Nudity.
First of all i have to say i like this movie,because its dark, creepy, the acting was awesome, and it had its moments of some comedy in it!!!!!! If you like Final Destination then you will like this movie because it is almost like a Final Destination!!!!! I think it is worth owning and i love the characters in this movie they weren't all the same and they had different points to each character which i like very much!!!!! I love the very shocking and twisted ending, but if you have not seen it then you won't know,because i won't reveal,but its worth checking out sometime when you are in the video store!!!!!!
As with my season two set, this set arrived with some dings on the packaging.  I would suggest that Amazon not package these sets in such small boxes when they ship.
I would recommend this movie for any age and it carries a very clear message for all ages.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002LII6D2">Emmet Otter's Jug-Band Christmas</a>
Aaron Eckhart made his first vivid big-screen impression as the misogynistic Chad in Neil LaBute's scathing 1997 "In the Company of Men". Since then, he has been waffling in leading man roles, but luckily, he comes back to form as the appropriately named Nick Naylor, tobacco industry lobbyist extraordinaire, in first-time director/writer Jason Reitman's wonderfully acerbic comedy about the power of media spin around the availability of cigarettes despite inescapable evidence that smoking kills. The film's perspective is ruthlessly cynical and most of the characters morally ambiguous, but those are the primary reasons why this movie sizzles full of shrewd insights about political gamesmanship in both the public and private sectors. The zigzag plot follows Nick from the bogus, cigarette company-funded Academy of Tobacco Studies to the pretentiously Zen office of an equally pretentious Hollywood Studio mogul to a dicey encounter with a former Marlboro man to the welcoming arms of an ambitious reporter. The unpredictable journey provides Reitman an opportunity for both broad, whack-a-mole comedy to piercing, observant zingers that resonate with the truths they expose.  Reitman has recruited a first-class cast to bring his brittle satire to life starting with a superb turn by Eckhart, who alternates easily between unapologetically smug and begrudgingly likable. At their favorite watering hole, Nick's two lobbyist buddies are played with barbed precision by David Koechner as the Bush-sound-alike firearms specialist and especially the wondrous Maria Bello as the sharp-tongued alcohol representative. There are also inspired turns from very unlikely sources with Rob Lowe hilarious as Jeff Megall, the honey-voiced, Asia-obsessed mogul; Sam Elliott defiantly cagey as the Marlboro Man; and even Katie Holmes surprisingly convincing as Heather Holloway, the morally bankrupt reporter who appears to be Nick's kindred spirit. Scene stealing is quite democratic with clever turns by Robert Duvall as the tobacco kingpin; William H. Macy as the unctuous, anti-tobacco senator from Vermont looking to put a skull-and-crossbones logo on all packs of cigarettes; J.K. Simmons as Nick's immoral boss BR; and a very funny Adam Brody as Megall's obnoxious assistant.  Beginning with the inventive artwork of the opening credits, the plot goes in unexpected directions, and while the ending is a bit soft, the overall movie more than satisfies. In fact, I doubt if I have laughed harder in a movie theater since last year's "The 40 Year-Old Virgin", but the smart, provocative barbs really make you think about the persistent hypocrisy of big business and government in refreshing ways that are not remotely disdainful to the audience. Even the comparatively soft-centered scenes of Nick with his son have a nice edge, and with his translucent blue eyes, Cameron Bright strikes the right, non-judgmental notes as Joey. Reitman seems fully capable of bringing an acidic flavor to the most Capra-esque situation. This one is highly recommended.
I rented this movie on a whim and wasn't expecting too much from it but ended up laughing through the whole thing.  Movies are supposed to be entertaining and this one definately fits the bill.  Very obivously it is not a thought provoking film or even a film you leave having learned a lesson but it's simple story is not lost in the silliness of professional dodgeball.  I have recommended this movie to several friends and the ones who have watched it enjoyed it as much as I did.
I found this movie incredibly boring.  The actors were pretty bad and the whole thing was just completely unbelievable.  The only good parts of the movie were the few laughs I got from the guy who was supposedly filming the whole thing making nerdy comments.
Yeah, ya gotta buy this film for the Marisa Tomei scenes.  The storyline, acting, etc. is just okay.  Actually, the plot left me bored.  But the Marisa Tomei scenes...
I think the character of Spicoli popularized the exclamatory catch-phrase: Awesome! High school grommets of today probably have no clue where this term originally gained it's traction. Spicoli was a great character, but for my money the real star of the movie is Brad Hamilton played by Judge Reinhold. The scene where Brad fantasizes about his sisters girlfriend is an all time classic hooter. This movie catches the mall-rat mentality of the early 80's perfectly. This is the flick that spawned a whole new genre and launched alot of great acting careers. Watch this movie and you will laugh loudly.
One of the best filmed movies I have seen.  The visuals are what movies are supposed to look like.  And the story is just clasical, a tale of love, hate, corruption and jealousy, that grips at the very fabric of human emotion.
On the DVD for The Eagles Farewell Tour #1, Don Henley explains the 'conception' of the song "Hole In The World".  He said that the band was supposed to go into the studio on Sept 11th to start work on a new album.  Needless to say, they never went into the studio that day, or for some time after.  But that night, on Sept 11th, the song, Hole In The World was written.  The lyrics are haunting.  The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and I cried, and played the song over and over.  I was at home on 9/11, and watched it all unfold on TV.  I am a veteran of the US Air Force, and an Proud American.  And every year on 9/11, I say a prayer for all the lives lost on that day, and pray for all their families.  I also thank God that I live in America.  And I thank God for all who survived 9/11, and for those who gave their lives to save others.  Their song, should also be an anthem for 9/11.  I applaude The Eagles, for their endearing lyrics, and songwriting expertise.  Just listen to the song, and you'll know why I cried.
I wasn't sure I was going to like this film, but I liked it quite a bit. I'm always on the lookout for Japanese comedies, and the film "Train Man," aka "Densha Otoku," was definitely a worthwhile purchase. The film itself centers around the life of a very nerdy [I would say shy] 22-year-old young man who lives with his parents. Moreover, he does not have a girlfriend. Part of this reason is that he has immersed himself in a world of anime and video games. Our protagonist may be shy, but his personal life is about to take a sudden change. This change will occur when he helps a good-looking young woman who is being harassed on the train. It is on this train ride that Train Man (Takayuki Yamada) comes to the rescue of Hermes (Miki Nakatini): For she is being harassed by a drunk.  In her gratitude for helping her out, Hermes asks Train Man for his address, and eventually sends him a set of Hermes tea cups. [Hence the name of this woman he has rescued] What is he too do? Well, he immediately turns to the internet for help. Moreover, several people respond to help him out. With the help of these eager internet friends, Train Man sets out to pursue his romantic interest. I know this sounds a little silly, but this film really works. With all sorts of people trying to give him advice on how to pursue this young woman, a delightful story is brought to film.  I understand that this film is based on a true incident that occurred in Japan, and that a television series was made of this incident. I have not seen these, therefore, I cannot comment on them. However, this film stands on its own. Train Man has never been on a date, and does not know what to do. He is desperate in his lonely life to seek out this woman, who for a brief moment gave him a sense of fulfillment--that there is something great missing in his life. I couldn't help but empathize with Train Man, and his attempts to use the only things he knows--the internet, as his way of reaching out to others for help, and in the process even changes those who are attempting to help him. This is a delightful film, and some of the reviewers here have given a better description of the film. I would highly recommend this film to all viewers, as it is a delightfully charming film. [Stars: 4.5]
&lt;strong>La Horde&lt;/strong> (Yannick Dahan and Benjamin Rocher, 2009)  Another example of the "the less press a French horror flick gets in America, the better it is likely to be" syndrome, &lt;em>La Horde&lt;/em> has all the hallmarks of a classic zombie flick, doesn't try to do anything too terribly stupid, and actually has halway-decent production values. While on the other hand, there's not a bit of originality to be found here, it's still a watchable little flick that may well have passed under your radar.  Plot: Rivoallan (Laurent Segall in his only screen appearance to date), an undercover cop, has been found out by the gang he runs with, and his friends have to go into one of France's most decrepit project buildings to get revenge for him--Aurore (&lt;em>Amelie&lt;/em>'s Claude Perron), Ouessem (&lt;em>La Vie en Rose&lt;/em>'s Jean-Pierre Martins), Jimenez (&lt;em>13 Tzameti&lt;/em>'s Aurelien Recogin), and Tony (&lt;em>Le Chambre de Morts&lt;/em>' Antoine Oppenheim), all cops, most of them with something to hide, up against gang leader Adewale (&lt;em>Kingdom of Heaven&lt;/em>'s Eriq Ebouaney) and his younger, impetuous brother Bola (&lt;em>Micmacs&lt;/em>' Doudou Masta). Everything seems to be going according to plan. Well, at least according to Murphy's plan, as the gangsters gain the upper hand. But things can always get worse, and they do, quickly. First, the Paris skyline, easily seen from the penthouse apartment where all this is taking place, starts lighting up with explosions, and columns of smoke rise. Then the inhabitants of the apartment realize what's happening--the dead are rising. Since they have presumably eaten everyone in the rest of Paris, they're starting to descend on the projects. (Even the dead, it seems, are snobbish foodies.) But worse, there is no shortage of bodies in the complex itself...  I didn't even get a chance in that short synopsis to mention my favorite character in the film, Rene (&lt;em>Le Professionel&lt;/em>'s Yves Pignot), another survivor who lives in the building. He's nuts, and he's easily the best thing about the otherwise generic script (if you squint right, you can see traces of Judge Reinhold's character from &lt;em>Beverly Hills Cop 2&lt;/em>, but these days that's an obscure enough reference most people probably didn't catch it). Now, "generic" is not necessarily a pejorative term here; if all you're looking for is some good old-fashioned fast-zombie action, &lt;em>La Horde&lt;/em>, with its stable of solid actors and competent-if-not-inspired direction, will suffice very well as a turn your brain off and have a good time action film that brings the gore. I watched it in precisely that mode, and it satisfied me, in terms of wanting a generic zombie flick. If you want something that transcends, this is not the place to look, however. ***
I've seen "The Grapes of Wrath" any number of times over the last thirty years.  I was always blinded by the film's top-notch artistry but I think I was missing the forest for the trees.  What dawned on me was that writer John Steinbeck and director John Ford were mad.  Not just regular mad but mean and mad.  The outrage stems from how a democracy such as ours could mistreat it's citizens at a time when they needed help the most.  Adding insult to injury the disenfranchised were subjected to any number of psychological and physical injuries to their person.  No wonder the New Deal was such a godsend.  And I'm a Republican!  Despite the presence of a top-of-the line star in Henry Fonda, Ford and lensman Gregg Toland give the film a cinema-verite style that makes you believe you are watching a documentary instead of a filmed novel.  The forlorn faces on display don't appear to come from Central Casting.  You can actually taste the dust that's the remnants of the sharecroppers prior trade.  Fonda, in probably the best performance of his career, gives an understated account of Tom Joad, parolee turned activist that's both convincing and sincere.  Jane Darwell, as Ma Joad, gives one of the all-time great performances by an actress, supporting or otherwise.  The worldweariness on Ma's face tells it all.  A defining scene in the film is one where Ma tries to feed the family while a group of malnutrioned children look on.  You can sense the agony as Ma, with meager food supplies, tries to figure out how to provide for her kin without turning the children away.  "The Grapes of Wrath" is not just essential viewing it's mandatory.
Personally expected more, but that just me, others may enjoy this dvd more than I did. Short , brief but it brings the main points out.
A lot of reviewers appear not to be looking too deeply at "Eyes Wide Shut" and that is a shame.  The thing I found most fascinating is the sinister element confronting the characters played by Tom and Nicole.  Tom's character, Dr Harfod breaches the security of a secret group at what appears to be a regular gathering of elitists (Illuminati?) engaged in an occult ritualistic pagan orgy.  Lots of symbolism.  Nightingale, the piano player - a messenger from the dark  Tom must go "over the Rainbow" (the shop) to get his costume.  The sinister element is what appears to be the secret world of the ultra-powerful elitists in control of the world.  Those who are largely behind the scenes and who utilize every imaginable trick and deception to exploit the masses.  The misdirected publicity about the movie and the lightly publicized (at least in the US) cases of pedophile Alex Doutroux, The Franklin Cover-up, Bohemian Grove, and Skull and Bastards Society seem to be a parallels, that many may be vaguely aware of.  Is there any wonder that Ebert didn't "get it" or that other mainstream "critics" didn't like it?  It goes without saying (for a Kubrick movie), I found Eyes Wide Shut, exceedingly well filmed and directed. Acting was also superb; even Cruise was good.  BTW, Kubrick died suddenly and never got to see the 'finished' product.  Coincidence? Or was Kubrick punished for revealing too much?  SD
One of the often repeated themes in recent movies is the story of the girl or woman who becomes a princess. In comparison to most of those other movies, this one succeeds. Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) is in her gawky, geeky, teen years. Mia's reaction to not fitting in is to wish that she were invisible. She is an extreme type-B personality; introverted, shy, abhorrent of being the center of attention.  Mia's grandmother Queen Clarisse Renaldi (Julie Andrews) interrupts Mia's attempt at making herself invisible by revealing to Mia that she is heir to the throne of Genovia. Mia is alternately fascinated and distressed by the opportunity that has been presented to her. Attempting to help her in this decision, either directly or indirectly, are an assorted variety of friends, relatives, and others with an interest in whether she will accept the responsibility of being the Princess of Genovia.  Perhaps two of the strongest influences in her life as she tries to make this decision are those of her grandmother and Lilly Moscovitz (Heather Matarazzo), both type-A personalities. Her grandmother strongly encourages her to take up the mantle of princess, but ultimately backs off, realizing that the decision has to be Mia's own. Lilly, an ardent environmentalist, is alternately fascinated by the possibility that her friend might have a chance to influence the world in a very positive way, and yet concerned that her friend may become like the other A-crats (autocrats); concerned with power, status and style over substance. Lilly vocalizes Mia's fears in a way that Mia is unable, and is thus a very important (though frequently obnoxious) character.  Mia also has other, more subtle influences. Her mother (Caroline Goodall) wants Mia to choose for herself, and clearly show that she will stand by Mia's decision. Chauffeur and bodyguard Joe quietly watches Mia mature from an indecisive, geeky teenage girl to a beautiful, self-confident young woman, with minor assistance and perspective along the way. Joe is played perfectly by Hector Elizondo in a near reprise to a similar role in "Pretty Woman," though here he attempts to be more aloof from the activities, ultimately failing.  Thrown into this mix are the usual issues faced by maturing teenagers of every age. The guy Mia thinks she would like to have as a boyfriend (handsome, shallow and self-centered) versus the guy who will be truly supportive of her and who truly loves her (Robert Schwartzman). Her comparison to the stuck-up cheerleaders (Lana, Anna and Fontana, who make me ill remembering similar types from my own high school years) makes her secretly envious.  It would be easy to be critical of this movie. It does have a lot of cliche, it does present stereotypes, and it does retread material that has been done so many times before. However, it is the relatively straightforward story with a solid cast that makes this movie a winner. Anne Hathaway is perfect as the princess. She communicates her fear of being one of the "establishment," but is fascinated by the possibility of being accepted. Her ultimate choice brushes aside all the trivialities and focuses on being mature and responsible. Heather Matarazzo and Robert Schwartzman are excellent as a brother and sister, one a best friend, the other who loves her, both who support her. And best of all are Julie Andrews and Hector Elizondo in roles for which she they were perfectly cast. The combination of talent and the clever way in which Mia's character evolves make this movie a perfect family movie, most especially for all the special princesses in our lives.
Like a lot of other diehard fans, I've waited quite a while for a dvd compilation like this to be released.  In my opinion, they could have done a lot better with it, but it's worth the $55 price from Amazon.  It's true that some of the shorts appear to be directly from the Blackhawk prints.  I'm not tremendously discerning when it comes to quality of the print, so I think these episodes are acceptable in this regard, but I am disappointed not to have the original opening/closing credits.  And, despite the "uncut" claim on the box, I do detect edits in a few spots.  I don't think this detracts overall, but it's still something of a let-down.  In a couple of episodes, I also noted that the sound was a little garbled - particularly in parts of one of my favorites, "Teacher's Pet" with Jackie Cooper.  I never noted problems like this in the old Cabin Fever VHS format.  I am also disappointed that the discs are not individually formatted so that you can select a specific episode to view from the menu - you have little else but the "play all" choice on each of the discs.  It's possible to navigate ("skip") fairly efficiently through the segments of each short, but this is something of a hassle - something the dvd format should be able to offer over VHS!  All in all, what can I say?  If you appreciate these true classics you'll probably be satisfied with it - I am - but it COULD have been so much better!
They sure don't make films today like they used to and this film has pretty good company having been made around the time of "Easy Rider", "2001-A Space Odyssey", "The Graduate" all great films that address social and other issues aka films of great depth that transcend the ages.  This film is sometimes funny, certainly shocking but for me very moving and touching.  This film is about people and how they use and are used by others ultimately causing them to become and to live the way that they do.  Some may say that little has changed since 1969 and that's probably why this film will continue to stand the test of time and remain the classic that it still is.  2 people are used by others for their selfish needs and in the midst of their despair at not being able to achieve their dreams they find redemption and learn to care for each other.  I thought both Jon Voight and Dustin Hoffman were excellent in their roles and the film just like in "Easy Rider" unabashedly shows the life of the underbelly of New York City at the time warts and all just as that film tried to do the same for the Hippy movement of the time in California.  I especially liked the New York Underground party scene that gives us a glimpse of what Lou Reed and the Velvet Underground were singing about in their classic 1967 album.  The only problem is with the quality of the dvd.  The sound quality is okay having been given the Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround treatment but the picture quality is woeful filled with white spots and other imperfections throughout.  Daring, disturbing, sad but ultimately moving and heartwarming to see that in the depths of despair and sleaze, human dignity, compassion and friendship can still survive as two apparent misfits from society's point of view end up being the only truly sane and humane people in the film.  A very good film and one of my personal favourites although you should wait for the Blu-ray version if it has a properly restored version for a vastly improved picture and sound quality.
Hell In The Pacific is one of the most excellent films of our times. Truly showing the eternal search for peace, yet with the first encounter with the globalization machine, the media, and propaganda, this is shattered.
These DVDs are beyond my expectation. Good quality, Entertaining, and provide a lot of knowledges. It is worth watching. I am highly recommend everyone to buy.
Let's face it -- even for the time, these effects were bad (compare to "Kong", made nearly two decades earlier).  Still, it's a fun movie that, if you saw as a youth, will make you feel nostalgic.  The kids will probably dig it too.  The typical "King Kong"/"Lost World" type story.  Most of the characters are unlikeable, including the female lead.  Fairbanks is the only character you care about.  In any case, it is a fun ride and if you aren't the type who will spend the entire time nit-picking, you'll enjoy it.  Otherwise, stay away -- just the effects alone will make you die of laughter (though the sloth creature is decent).  The slowest, most stiff-looking rubber T-Rexes I've ever seen.
Crude sexual humor? This movie is practically squeaky clean, i recomended it to my conservative religious parents, it is as others say ingeniously quick non stop comedy, its characters are played well, and the writing is perfect, i was surprised to like it and i hope you will be too
I purchased this DVD mainly for my 15-month-old daughter who loves horses and tv. She gave it about 2 minutes and walked away. My 3.5-year-old son gave it a little longer (7 minutes) in anticipation of funny moments that never came, then turned off the tv and called it Boring Farm. The disk inside doesn't live up to the cute jacket art and name. Quality and narration remind me of a 1970s documentary.
Criterion has done it right again by presenting "M" the classic Fritz Lang masterpiece film in an outstanding 2 disc collection. This edition is worth owning in your film library. I enjoyed the bonuses especially the Fritz Lang interview along with the informative film commentary. This was Lang's first sound film. Let's not forget Peter Lorre's groundbreaking role as Beckert, the child killer. This edition is a must have!!!
Very good portaral of early Vietnam era in the US. Movie was well done.
Terrible.  It is painfully obvious that very little effort went into the making of this film.  With movies like X2 and Batman Begins, how can anyone have the nerve to produce a loser like this?  Here is a news flash for the producers of this movie.  When I go to see a movie called Ghost Rider, that means I want to see the Ghost Rider.  I don't want to see Nicolas Cage, as Johnny Blaze, for 80% of the movie.  That is precisely what you get.  In the brief instances that you get to see the Ghost Rider, it's not too bad.  It's unfortunate that just when you get into the action, the director just can't wait to get Cage's silly mug back on the screen.  He is the usual one-dimensional character that marks most of his film career.  If that is not enough to turn you off, there is a painfully bad love story here, involving the terrible acting Eva Mendez, that is about as juvenile as you can get. Anyone who knows anything about the Rider, knows that it is a dark story.  Yet, the producers thought it fitting to throw in quite a few "funny" scenes, that just have no place here.  Talk about being totally out of touch with what the character is all about.  Your best bet for this movie is through the DVD.  That way, you can skip the bad parts of the movie, which are numerous.
Well... Bruce Lee's in it. Need I say more?
Great! I have loved the movies since I was a kid. Reminds me of my childhood in the late 60s and early 70s. Charlton Heston has been one of my favorite actors since I was young.
This review is for the unrated cut of the film. This film is funny, but not THAT funny. Robert Downey Jr. is the best part of this goofy film. The biggest problem is it's too long, this may be due to the unrated director's cut I watched? I will have to see the theatrical version to see the difference.  ***REVIEW UPDATE ON THE THEATRICAL RELEASE*** I was able to watch the theatrical release of this film and it is a much better cut of the film I would give this another 1/2 star for that version. The theatrical version's running time is shorter and the story is more cohesive making it a much funnier enjoyable movie. ***END OF UPDATE***  The film starts strong and there are funny moments throughout, but it has some down time. If your looking to buy this film, I would probably go with the theatrical version, because the unrated version seemed too long. I wish they would stop doing two different releases for films. If your going to release a 2 disc unrated set, then at least include the theatrical version on that set!
This remains one of my favorites. I really love the look they had at the time they did rock Montreal. One of the things that is so interesting about Freddie is that he changed his look throughout his singing career. He was younger and really into it in this video. It is enjoyable start to finish. Makes me feel like I'm there in the audience. He was very loose and spontaneous in this concert. I have several different ones and to me this one is special. You'll love another one bites the dust and the reaction of the audience. They give their all and you can see that they are genuinely enjoying giving it their all. Live aid is a separate DVD. To see that entire queen famous gig is priceless. To see it anytime you want to is even more priceless! I chose the video duo for my grown daughters 47th birthday. She and I are the queen lovers in the family. My other most favorite is singer of songs video with the bonus untold story of Freddies life from beginning to end. It is a must have also. I recommend this as a vitally necessary set for all Queen lovers and if you're not already then you will be after you see what's on these 2 videos. Thank you for making these. They are a true treasure that I have watched many times and will watch always. This is the best!<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000VZBCWE">Queen Rock Montreal + Live Aid</a>
OK, let's be clear: No Country For Old Men is the best movie of the Coen Brothers, the best performance of the excellent Javier Bardem, one of the most enthralling stories ever, photography and editing are outstanding. It's brilliantly written, directed and played. It's beyond all superlatives: just PERFECT. A must-have.
This is one of my favorites out of the entire series. This is also a great movie for the entire family.
Terrorism in New York with a Nuclear bomb explosion begins with stealing one and with that the ride begins. Who is behind it and why leads you on an adventure to stop them.
I saw the Broadway musical "Mama Mia" which was great. I think the movie version is even better because stage has limitations on size & effects. Some of the singing performance in the movie version (like Brosnan) isn't as good. But, that doesn't take much away. The thing about "Mama Mia" that I find so appealing is that the story line and song lyrics blend perfectly. It's one continuous story, rather than a story interrupted by songs forced into it like so many musicals. The best blend I have ever seen.  "Mama Mia" is something most of us can relate to. Middle age love crisis that's a product of youthful indiscretion.  People of two generations finding their true calling after years of uncertainty & soul searching.  ABBA rocks!!  It's a great combination. Some critics may not like this movie, but I do, I do, I do, I do, I do.
This version of David Copperfield was done as a miniseries for TV. While it gives us a decided flavor of Charles Dicken's rich characterizations, it leaves some important characters behind. This is necessary, in part, due to the enormous length of the original work. Still, when I used it in my English classes, it helped high school students with learning disabilities to visualize the historical climate and serves as a springboard for reading chapters from the novel and discussion. Student comments were positive for overall enjoyment of the movie. For those interested in the actors, the cast is not only recognizable, but accomplished. You will be delighted at some of the portrayals!
After watching the film a thousand times you truly begin to see the epic scope that is Dune and we must approach it as such.
This was my first exposure to Cowboy Bebop, and I loved it! My general theory of anime is that it's either really good, or really bad, and this was definitely good. I was impressed by the high quality production, and the soundtrack, which was something I wasn't expecting. I also found myself absorbed with the colorful character cast, with the so-cool Spike, gruff veteran Jet, Faye, Mars' sexiest compulsive gambler, and Ed and Ein, both who defy conventional description. The supporting cast also came out strong. Usually I don't go for the DVD extras, but these interested me too.  I've got to say, this is probably one of the best animes I've seen in years.
Amazon was great! Easy to work with and easy to follow. The price was outstanding and the shipping cost was minimal. Overall, an outstanding experience!
I have been anticipating the release of "Broken Flowers" for a few weeks now. Ever since "Lost in Translation", I have fell in love with Bill Murray's films all over again. His film roles of lately have been quirky and very interesting to watch. Unfortunately I can't really say the same for "Broken Flowers". The premise of the film is interesting. Don Johnston (Bill Murray) discovers through a mysterious letter that he (supposedly) has a 20 year old son. With the insistence of his neighbor Winston (Jeffrey Wright), Don goes out on a search to find out who wrote the letter and who his son is. He pays a visit to Sharon Stone, Frances Conroy, Jessica Lange, and Tilda Swinton.  I found myself a bit bored with the film. The traveling scenes were not necessary. I would have liked to have seen less of Don's visit with Frances Conroy (which for me dragged on longer than it should have been)and more with Tilda Swinton. I thought Don's past with Tilda's character Penny appealed to me the most. I would have liked to have known more about their past relationship. Bill's performance in this film seemed kind of a drag. Jeffrey Wright as Winston stole the film for me. I liked the premise of the film. It is too bad the writing was rather weak.
Good to see Woody Allen's work again. I've been a fan for many years. The movie reminds me of some of his earlier work.
I wish I can say something super positive to say about this movie but I have to say that this is one dismal film. Directed by Roland Emmerich who also happened to be an environmentist, the concept of global warming causing the sudden appearance of the ice age may sound neat on paper but I think it has much creditablity as a toliet paper. If Emmerich managed to create a great film that is one thing but the film itself lack credidability as the concept. First, the special effects, which overall wasn't all that bad but it does have few major flaws. One good example would be that beautiful space view of ice encrusted Europe, from Norway to Italy. Nice graphics but with the rising of ocean and freezing of the European continent, won't the shore line be drastically altered? If so, why does that ice encrusted Europe still looked like the latest edition of Rand McNally map book? Computer graphic wolves looked like something from one of them werewolf movies. As for actors, they got an unforgivably bad lines, bad dialogues with cliches couple with the fact that they have to behaved so stupid for being such a smart group of folks. Funny how Dennis Quaid and rest of the cast never looked dirty, tired or worn out. They all looked like they just step out of their dressing rooms for a take. Quaid do have a weak 5 O'Clock shadow but otherwise, looked pristine. The kids in the library looked like they had a slumber party. It was also funny how two guys carrying a injured third guy managed to outrun the weather....right...just like in Mummy Returns but that was a fantasy...but so is this! Of course, as one Alaskan asked another in the theater...where are their vapors? Its supposed to be cold but there is no tall tell sign of it by their breath! I supposed they are just supposed to pretend its cold! The movie talked about how the Atlantic currents are affecting the weather. But it doesn't say a thing about the Pacific Ocean, world's largest. It may be an oversight but won't the Pacific Ocean have some influence in off setting the ice age if it was not affected?? Another dumb thing is this...if half of the US was covered with ice, why are all these people running into Mexico? Is Rio Grande River some sort of a magical barrier?? With the ice coming down, won't the Rio Grande be flooded making it almost impassable? It looked most of the southwest, Texas and deep South reminds free, why do people and our own government run to a foreign country when half of our own still remain untouched??? I sure hate to think of the political outcome of this ice age. United States reduced to a third rate status. Europeans becoming the homeless trash of the world and Third World nations unaffected by ice age taking over world leadership.  This is a silly movie, badly scripted, badly directed and badly concepted. Instead of warning us about global warming, it make the subject into a big joke. I supposed many of the undemanding members of the audience will go for this but the more acute ones will probably see it for what it is, poor movie hiding behind a lot of smoke and mirrors. If anyone who read this want to see it, wait until its on rental. With Harry Potter, Shrek and other decent movies out there, there should be no reason why anyone wants to waste their money on this film....but its your money,eh? (On the bright side, any movie that destory Los Angles can't be all bad!)
Before they braved the cybernetic waters of THE MATRIX, the Wachowski Brothers wrote and directed, a marvelous little undiscovered gem of a film noir thriller about two lesbians double crossing the mob ... and getting away with it BIG TIME!  Excellent performances, with a twist of humor, from all involved: Jennifer Tilly, Gina Gershon, and (especially) Joe Pantoliano.
Yes it's somewhat political, somewhat controversial, even somewhat conspiracy theorized.  But, whatever your viewpoints, whether you are pro-Monsanto or anti-Monsanto, there is concrete material in this movie that is worth knowing.  This is the only movie I've seen which explains in concrete and understandable detail, exactly what "genetically modified" means.  It explains how the recombination of DNA occurs, how it's inserted into the seed and how the seeds accept the modified DNA.  I'm leaving aside my own personal viewpoints here because I think that the nitty gritty science of this film appeals to a far broader audience than it might if I focused on the film's political aspect.  I do hope that people take the chance & watch it - either because of or in spite of the politics of the matter.  For those who are uncertain about purchasing it, I felt the same and so first watched it on Netflix and then decided to come back to Amazon to purchase it.
This is how beautiful this little horror movie is. It is very dark - which is only normal considering that the heroes have a tendency to burn if exposed to sunlight. It is also quite violent but also surprisingly touching. It shows the world from the vampire perspective and does it REALLY well. And this is not a nice vision. In fact the traveling "family" of vampires is living a hell in which the only consolation is the strong affectionate link uniting them (although in the same time they keep bickering and fighting). And still, even in this horrible existence of murder and suffering there are some moments of quite joy - and at that time damnation can also have a sweet taste.  All the actors do here a great job. Adrian Pasdar (Caleb Colton), who was going to succeed later in TV series, was here in the very beginning of his career but he already was showing great promise. Lance Henriksen, who plays the leader Jesse Hooker, a veteran of Confederate army and leader of the vampire pack, brings to this movie his unique appearance and no less exceptionnal talent. Bill Paxton (Severen) do not really need to be presented any more - here he plays a character really different from the annoying but ultimately harmless morons who were his specialty in "Aliens" and "Predator 2".  Young Jenny Wright (Mae), who later interrupted her career and disappeared from public view, gives here a very moving performance - greatly helped by her exceptionnal beauty. Finally, a particularly impressive performance is that of Jenette Goldstein (Diamondback). She has an almost supernatural ability to transform herself, according to the needs of scenario. I simply couldn't believe that this was the same actress who played Vasquez in "Aliens" barely a year before!  This is quite a movie. Well done, coherent, with smart dialogues, great acting (especially by Lance Henriksen and Bill Paxton) and master level camera work. And considering that it was her first, well, no wonder that Kathryn Bigelow ultimately went to win Oscars... I enjoyed "Near Dark" a lot and I recommend it warmly.
... But anyways this is a fantastic typical Elvira flick... I Love it and so will you without a doubt...
It is fantastic that one of the best Sherlock Holmes movie ever to be made is finally on DVD. "The Seven-Per-Cent Solution" is an underrated classic. Based on Nicholas Meyer's novel, Dr. John Watson (Robert Duvall), concerned for the health of his friend Sherlock Holmes (Nicol Williamson) during one of the great detective's bouts of cocaine addiction. Watson is able to lure Holmes to Vienna where he meets Sigmund Freud (Alan Arkin) who helps him overcome his addiction and leads them on one of the greatest adventures of their lives.  Despite the fact that this story goes against the original Sherlock Holmes canon, it has much in store for Sherlock Holmes fans to enjoy. The greatest asset in the movie is Nicol Williamson as Holmes. Williamson one of the most underrated actors to play the world's greatest detective. Despite the fact that he looks nothing like the character depicted in the Arthur Conan Doyle originals, Williamson's performance is marvelous. Alan Arkin and Robert Duvall both turn in good performances as well as does Vanessa Redgrave and Laurence Oliver - who plays the Napoleon of Crime, Professor James Moriarty. Aside from the brilliant casting, the production values are fantastic. Ken Adam, production designer, has outdone himself creating the Victorian milieu wonderfully, and the costumes are fitting the period.  In all, this movie is a fantastic Sherlock Holmes adventure. Supported by a great cast and a driving musical score, I highly recommend this underrated classic.
underused cast yes stupid dialogue yes predictable plot well yes but a movie like this isnt about the plot or the talking its about the cars and boy are there cars.  porsche ferrari saleen and of course eleanor.  the first time you here her engine as cage whips her around on the street u'll wet yer pants.  428 cobra engine is some good.
Wow. The fact that I have not even SEEN this film for 25 years, and I still remember it, I think speaks volumes about the power that this film had at that time. I was 13, and I saw it on Night Flight. Taped it on the BETAMAX and watched it repeatedly until it accidentally got erased the next summer. Every 10 years or so I would be reminded of it and try to find it, and lo and behold, it's HERE! I am beside myself with nostalgia *sniff* and can't wait to see it again!!!!
What a disappointment.  I specifically purchased this set because I wanted to revisit That's Entertainment in Hi-fidelity, but the quality turned out to be that of a poorly performing DVD.  What's the matter with Warner Bros.?  It can turn out marvelously reproduced copies of old Warners films in either DVD or Blu-ray, but does not spend the extra capital on MGM classics.
Nothing can prepare you for Gigli. I agree that it's one of the worst movies ever made, and that's also it's greatest strength. In my opinion, there is not a moment of Gigli that can be considered "good". However, there also was not a moment when I wasn't laughing, hysterically.   The dialogue is terrible, the acting made me question how anyone involved could possibly be offered another job, and even the sound quality is poor. It is an all around, bad movie. It is bad movie perfection. I recommend it to everyone, because everyone should get to laugh this hard at least once in their lives.   The first Ben Affleck rant about his reputation as a tough guy, is worth the price of the movie. And then there are the cameos. Christopher Walken's delivery is mind-blowing. There is no way to comprehend it. The only acting performance that is nearly as confusing and ridiculous, is Al Pacino's. There is no excuse, short of drunkeness, to explain Pacino's performance. It is pure bliss to watch.   Yes, Gigli is a bad movie, so bad, that it should be held up as the new standard for bad movies. But, it has made me laugh to point of exhaustion each time I've watched it, and I can't say that about most movies that try to be funny.
Scream 2 begins at a movie theatre, were a movie called 'Stab" (based on the book "The Woodsboro Murders" which in turn was based on the killings in the first "Scream" film and was written by Gale Weathers) is playing.  Two college students (Omar Epps and Jada Pinkett/Jada Pinkett Smith from The Nutty Proffesor) are murdered by yet another killer clad in black and wearing a "Father Death" mask.  The next day, Sydney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is horrified to hear this on the news and runs to her new boyfriend, Derek (Jerry O'Connell) and her old friend from the first film, Randy (Jamie Kennedy) for protection, but no matter, she is soon attacked by the killer and Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox/Courteney Cox Arquette from Friends) is on the case like a lightning bolt.  This annoys Sydney, but she has bigger things to worry about.  The body-count is beginning to rise, and anyone is a suspect!  Is it Derek ("Hello, Billy Loomis!").  Is it wounded deputy Dewey Riley (David Arquette),who seems to immediatlly show up right at the time of them murders?  Is it Randy, who may have seen one to many movies and gotten brainwashed?  Is it Gale, the annoying reporter who always in on the case?  Is it Mickey (Timothy Olyphant), another movie freak? Is it Cici Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar), who defends the right to have violence in movies?  Or, is it another reporter, Debbie Salt (Laurie Metcalf from Rosseanne)?  Now, this mystery is going to be murder to solve!   Scream 2 is an excellent thriller and wonderful sequel to a smash hit phenomenon, Scream (1996) which was also a great movie.  Scream 2's great becuase it, like 1994's Wes Craven's New Nightmare, has the courage to talk about things most horror movies would avoid.  Scream 2 asks the question "Do violent movies cause our violent actions?"  Wow, that's a good question. Scream 2 asks the question, and leaves it up to us to answer the question.  That's the courage of this film.  It's got guts.   Of course, people not looking for a real point and who just want slasher entertinment will adore this movie.  Is it gory?  Yes, quite.  Lots of blood and goo (and brains).  Some of the deaths include, stabbings in the head, guttings, regular old stabbings, a fall from a second story building, slit throat, and a pole through the head.  Lots of blood and gore which is impressivly done.  Also, the acting is swell.  All the actors returning from the first are excellent, and the new cast is good, too.  The writing from this movie is good, and once again, Wes Craven makes the film look very good.  All the actors are on key, thnks to him, and he still has that style from the first.   Th  Scream 2 is available in two DVD releases.  If you get the film separately (and not in The Ultimat Scream Collection box set) you get a pretty mediocre DVD.  The picture is OK, though non-anamorphic and stretched out on widescreen TVs.  The sound is a great 5.1 surround in which dialouge is clear and the music and sound effects are booming in action scenes.  But where this disk really lacks is the extras.  All you have is one trailer for Scream 2 and a few recommendations.  Big dissipointment.   However, if you get the truly awesome DVD box set you've got an exclusive Dimension Collector's Edition of the movie.  It's really great.  First off, the widescreen format is anamorphically enhanced for widescreen TVs (which is nice) and the sound is the same booming 5.1 Surround and it's just as good as the other disk.  Then.... we get to the extras!  First is a nice and informative commentary by Wes Craven, producer Marriane Maddelini, as well as the director of photography.  Writer Kevin Williamson is no where to be heard on this track.  This is a shame, because he brought a great wit to the track on the first Scream, but this commentary is still very good.  Lots of interesting information to be found here!  Also, we have a nice documentary on the making of the movie, some production notes, a few music videos, and lots of trailers and TV spots.  A very nice supply of extras.   Scream 2 is a great movie, and getting the box set is worth it for the Collector's Edition.   If you found my review helpful, please vote for me!  Thank you!
I'm sure if I was a Queen Victoria historian, I would probably have given this a lower number for the innaccuracies presented as fact. Since I'm not, and since it seemed to cover what I do know of her fairly accurately, I'm giving this movie a high mark. First off, I happen to really enjoy period pieces that can pull the viewer in and help them to understand life from another time in history. Braveheart, Gettysburg, Three Soverigns For Sarah, Charles Dickens/Jane Austen movies, and even films about more recent times such as Enemy At The Gates and American Graffiti. If they keep them in their proper time and place (clothing, speech, sets, etc.), I'm glued. (Titanic was almost perfect except for the "Can I bum a smoke" line DiCaprio made after stopping Rose from jumping off the ship).  Victoria and Albert caught my attention right off and held it til the end. It not only brought two historical figures to life, but it made them both human, with being vulnerable to human feelings and emotions. One can imagine how Victoria felt when she angrily spoke to her mother as THE QUEEN. One can also imagine how her mother felt being spoken to in that manner by her daughter THE QUEEN. How about Albert's feelings when Victoria poo poo'd him when he would try to help her with her duties, instead giving him a frivolous task to keep him "happy."  I would have liked to have seen more of the relationship that Victoria and Albert had with their children, which was only touched upon and glossed over. Also, it would have been nice to see Victoria's affect first hand on the everyday people of England - her subjects - as she ruled for the majority of the 19th century. After all, a whole period in time was named for her. But that would have increased the time of this movie from four hours to six hours, I'm sure - not that I would have minded. I feel this is probably the best version out there of these two larger than life figures. A&E, Masterpiece Theater, and others of this ilk always do a marvelous job when it comes to the historical period pieces, and Victoria and Albert is right up there with the best of them. It's well worth the money.
Classic film. No one can dispute that. So why are there virually no extras on a DVD of the greatest movie musical ever made? Why are there no bios on anyone associated with the film? Why does the color for the first half of the film look like faded Technicolor? Why did the studio not choose to take the time or spend the money needed to digitally restore the film that was spent on Sound of Music or My Fair Lady? OK. It would cost more, but fans of this movie would be willing to pay for it, and all the other wonderful MGM movies musical of the 50s.  ...Give us the extras - let us know the story of the movie, produce a feature length documentary, give us the re-mixed isolated soundtrack, do something besides this. Correct the color, and remix the ST in DTS. Package in in a two DVD set and charge me 30 bucks. I'd buy it. But the current release version is a real disappointment. The singin', dancin', and actin' in this film deserve better.
I lived in several of these nations and know that witnessing for Christ to Muslims is something Westerners do not understand how to do.  So this is a powerful tool to tell westerners more about what Muslims are really like and their difficult search for the living God.  Westerners have a very distorted image of what the average Muslim is like, many are seeking God with all their heart.  I was so excited about this movie that I sent a copy to a tiny church in Muslim nation I used to serve in, where I used to worship.  I thought it would help them witness to Muslims in their area.  It was amazing, the story in the movie from the person speaking their language turned out to be a person they already knew in an adjacent country, who is still serving Christ.  It was a great confirmation to me that these are not made-up, feel-good stories, but accurate.  Great movie and shows the age of miracles never ended and Christ is working in areas where Christians don't seem to be reaching on their own.  A great film to give Christians a heart of love for witnessing to Muslim, not trying to beat them over the head with a Bible (which doesn't work).
Wow, this is a tough,gritty film. It deserves every good word that has been ever printed about it. Since the other reviews cover the plot and style,all I have to say is that what makes this movie great for me is that  it has a quality similar to a Greek tradgedy.Is it the woman or a weakness  in himself that dooms him? You can see the hero's doom rushing to  inevitably meet him,and he rushing to meet it,yet you hope he can somehow  avoid it.Will he? That's the question that keeps you nailed to your seat.  And the ending, it's right up there with the ending to the Paul Muni film  "I am a Fugitive from the Chain Gang".
I just gave Motorhead's "Everywhere Farther than Everyplace Else" DVD/CD package a spin and rest assured, it is worth picking up.  It contains the entire 2011 Santiago, Chile show shot superbly (there is little frenetic camera-jumping around relative to "Stage Fright" and other abominations), and the black and white cinematography actually WORKS!  This is a nice overall package - during the main show, the boys are more sober, together and rested than I have probably ever seen them, and it's just a smoking performance in front of a wild crowd in a Chilean soccer stadium. It gets better from there, with amazing, fairly lengthy interviews with the band in two different locations, during which you really get to see how they interact as long-time friends/bandmates/enemies. Again, they aren't drunk or exhausted and give thoughtful answers about where they are in their careers and what makes them tick.  There is a last, superfluous interview with Lemmy in a dressing room in Manchester, as well as some equally superfluous concert footage out of Manchester and New York City.  Overall, it's a very solid official document of Motorhead in 2011. This is definitely a treat to watch.
Great story and great acting.  And I always loved Omar Sharif.  If you don't know anything or not much about the annual pilgrimage to the Mecqua, you're in for a treat.  Highly recommend the DVD.
I really liked the different variations for the intermediate level.  There is 10 minute workouts, for different target areas, which helps if moving from beg to int. Good video!
This review is only about "Fireball 500" (1966),  technically the best production to ever come out of "American International". The cinematography looks as good as the best Hollywood productions from that period; with unexpectedly good shot selection and nice close-ups that you would expect to see now but were highly original back in 1966.  This is a film that should be shown to would-be film and video editors, as there are few finer examples of matching stock footage with first and second unit output; all done by linear editing (try it some time if you want a real challenge). When a low budget film tries to be high budget by inserting stock footage it is usually a disaster, but here there is a pretty good match of film stock and the track announcer's audio makes the action sequences easy to follow. You might recognize Fred R. Feitshans Jr's editing style from the old "Adventures in Paradise" television show.  The story is ordinary-straight action adventure and romance, no comedy like AIP's beach movies even though it does feature alumni Frankie, Annette, and Harvey Lembeck. There are three good Hernrig and Styner songs: "Fireball 500", "My Way", and "Turn Around"; sung by Frankie with help on the last one from Julie Parrish. Annette sings "Step Right Up" which mostly leaves you amazed that anyone ever bought her records.  As usual Annette is very buttoned-up and chaste but Parrish is hot enough to carry the whole film. Interestingly Annette pairs up with Fabian and Frankie gets Julie. Fabian also has a group of racetrack groupies who follow him around, four of the them are mid-60's Playboy centerfolds with one of those the Playmate of the year.  Frankie gets into a serious fight with both Fabian and Lembeck. These are decently staged and cut but unnecessary to the story and rather comical when you consider the participants. Casting these two singers was apparently an attempt to expand the target audience from teenage boys and stock car fans by including something for teenage girls. This was at best a lame idea since by 1966 those two were considered wimpy has-beens compared to "Herman's Hermits", let alone the "Beatles" and the "Stones".  There is tons of interesting stock car footage, making "Fireball 500" a nice historical archive. Overall it was a fun film to watch but nothing you would take very seriously.  Then again, what do I know? I'm only a child.
DVD is excellent. Elvis performing and interacting with the audience is a lot of fun to watch.  Also, it's interesting to watch the process as he and the band/backup singers prepare for the Vegas show. Highly recommend.
Just got back from the theatre (went late, so had to sit half-way up :-()  I settled down to the camera-work quickly, which is a little unsettling (!), but not that painful as some make it out to be - in fact, it makes the action even more exciting.  Brings the viewer right in the midst of things, if you can't take the heat, stay at home ;-)  Don't, though - you'll miss some fine action.  And really, not all the scenes have the hand-held shots, only a few.  I was going to wait for the DVD, but am glad I went to the theatre.  Worth watching twice, IMHO.... and I shall see it on DVD as well.  Storyline - well, it's Bourne, just like Bond, without the chicks/fancy cars & gadgets...  He actually commandeers a rotten taxi!!  Fast action, go with that expectation and you won't be disappointed.  And suspend your disbelief (just what you do while enjoying Spiderman!!)  But Matt Damon makes Bourne believable, even human... well, except he doesn't get killed, but hey, he's Bourne!!  If that wasn't clear enough - it's a great movie!  Go see it :-)
Well it's like big brother but with actors and (not good actors actually) The twist is really twisted making this "movie" looking like a joke. Nothing exciting and nothing terrific. Is it scarry ? I guess the trailer is actually scarrier than the movie itself. Is it worth your curiosity ? I've been curious about it and I haven't found yet why ! You will have more fun watching Big Brother.
Great DVD of the history making Presidential Inauguration with a lot of nice featurettes. I only wish they had shown both parade walks instead of just the first one.
I heard about this movie a while ago, and I went to see it at the historic Oriental Theatre in Milwaukee. I knew it was funny from what I read about it, but let me tell you...this movie is laugh-your-a**-off hilarious. Me  and my business partner Rachel saw it at a 5:00 showing with a medium-sized  crowd and everyone laughed out loud through the entire duration of the  film. What's great about it is that it is funny, but touching in parts too.  I'm an aspiring filmmaker like Mark Borchardt and I identified with what he  did to get a movie made. I also thought it was cool that I could pick out  places in Milwaukee I'd been to that appear in the movie. (For us  Wisconsinites, the scenes where Mark and his friends watch the Packers in  the Super Bowl is an added bonus!) Whether you're into making movies or  not, whether you're from Wisconsin or not...American Movie is a hilarious  romp that you will want to own. Plus, if you get the DVD, you get to hear  two commentary tracks (i think they're seperate) and you'll get cut footage  and the entire "Coven" short too! Kudos to Sony for another great  special edition disc!
CHIC's performances are always extraordinary, but their performance at the Montreux Jazz Festival in 2004 was a moment to remember.  This DVD captures every view possible that those of us who were there in the crowd could not see. The music is timeless and the performance flawless...Thank you for making this available to the fans!
A pretty good sequel. Get the blu ray. Great picture & sound. I'm sure anyone can enjoy it even more.
I bought this so I can watch this classic along with my family (they don't speak English), but when I got I found it did not have subtitles, still I kept it for myself!
==SPOILER WARNING==  "American Psycho 2" is one of those sequels that people either love or hate, and only rarely based upon the quality of the actual film. A much-repeated phrase is "this would be a good movie with a different title". Huh? I never quite understood that way of thinking. It reminds me of the opinions I got from people who were fans of the rock band the Doors. After the singer Jim Morrison died the Doors continued for two more albums that hardly anyone wants to listen to. Why? "the Doors without Morrison? forget it". As if the only records in the universe worth listening to are ones with that particular singer. Once I made that point the illogic of their argument was revealed and they listened to the two albums and really liked them. Good music is good music. Same here. This movie wouldn't be any better or worse with a different title. I feel "American Psycho 2" (not all prints carry the subtitle "All American Girl") is almost the equal of it's predecessor. And not only for actually confirming that Bateman did indeed kill at least *some* people, but for the film's point of view. While the first movie was a stunning and biting satire of self-obsessed yuppies, "2" is aiming at the college crowd, the vapid kids with a frightening sense of entitlement and sum-zero convictions. The psycho Rachel here is somehow even more bizarrely sympathetic than Patrick, to a point, even with there being no true ambiguity as to the sequence of events. After the murder of a billionaire's son we know it's Rachel behind the killing, yet it doesn't take away from the narrative. Two unexpected and satisfying twists aside, there's no mystery here; the brilliance is entirely in it's own universe and following it's own catharsis. To condemn "American Psycho 2" for it's somewhat stilted commercial construction and gaps in logic is missing the point entirely. This is a great film. It's not pretentious in presenting itself as a sequel because it really does fit- Bateman would be proud. Or not. If the idea of a sequel nags at you, call it something else. If the revelation that Bateman was a serial killer is worrisome, then I guess the premise of "American Psycho 2" is just insurmountable. Skip it. But you're missing out on a terrific film.
Just came from the movie theater and couldn't wait to speak on this epic movie. I won't give any spoilers but I will say what I have to say about this film. Christopher Nolan gave the best end to any movie trilogy by introducing the perfect evil entitity for Batman to face off with, Bane. Bane is pure evil and that's all he is. You felt real horrow when he spoke, when his plans come to fluition, and when he gives you his eyes. Ann Hathaway played Catman flawlessly and stole the show in her scenes. Dark Knight Rises plays on all emotions when watching it. It's dark, gritty, and comes together masterfully. I was almost to tears and can't wait to add this to my blu-ray collection.
I bought this movie for my grandkids - they absolutely love it!
I am a person who LOVES horror movies that are "based on a real events." This movie kicked my butt! I LOVED it! It does not seem overblown, melodramatic, or unrealistic. It spoke to my own set of beliefs and struck my spiritual core. It scared me to pieces (which is not easy to do) because it tells a story that is both plausible and deep. It is horrifyingly scary for a horror film, yet has a deep philosophical side. I love this movie. It is absolutely at the top of my favorite horror films.
This I would say is a movie any couple thinking about a divorce should see.  IT really gives you alot to think about.
This product was in the packaging and new just as described. I watched it and it worked perfectly. I would purchase from this seller again! And the movie was very good, I have seen it more than once!
As other people have stated, this movie starts off pretty good. I like the concept behind the film and even though the acting was great (which doesn't bother me)this movie accomplished the one thing I watched it for...entertainment. The movie itself was going pretty good until the whole chase in the woods ended and the next morning they entered the small town of Howard's Point. The town wasn't very convincing. A high point to the movie was the Rave Scene, and toward the end of the movie there is a scene where Samantha is being tortured. Elena Lyons played the best character (Fawn, she makes a nice villain! I think there should have been a little more to satanic cult than what was shown. In conclusion, the movie lacked in several areas but overall it was entertaining.
not your average movie. one of the most enjoyable films I have ever seen. I highly recomend it for people of all ages. a keeper.
Instead of 5 stars i give 3 to this edition, and here's why: I am a fan of the original stuffs, in this case, i bought this edition thinking about the entire classic movie, with a new and improved transfer and without modifications, you know what i mean, just THE apropiated subtitles, additional opcional bg music and the DVD original special features. I have to tell you that this is transfer of a 'colored version' of the movie. Sometime long ago,  someone gave color to the movie: instead of the original black &amp; white, there's black &amp; red when the scene happens during the afternoon, black &amp; yellow in the morning, black &amp; blue in the night...etc. Another thing, for example: when a caracter reads a letter , this edition replaced the original close ups of the letter and it's contents for a computer generated draw of the letter and its's content, as you can imagine, with funny word fonts in english. This makes a great contrast between the really old movie and the clear old-simulated texts. I think this is a lack of good taste.  If you don't care about this little details, just buy it, it's a good and improved editon. A really new way to see and apreciate this classic.
M. Night Shyamalan's Unbreakable is very rare class of superhero film, trying to be incredibly logical, while also having plenty of absurd moments.  This is okay, sense the director's other films have also followed a similar formula... But, typically with his films you find yourself taken away by the emotional drama and characters, and the films move along so quickly you never really get a chance to stop and question the logic behind the events, because if you had the chance to question it you'd realize how ridiculous the entire situation is.  We are introduced to the story with an awkward man by the name of David Dunn (Bruce Willis), a security guard, who seems to have some serious issues in regards to being social, and communicating.  While on his way back to New York he winds up being the only man to survive a colossal train crash (the other is seen dying from substantial injuries, giving us a wonderful shot of Willis being counseled by the doctor as you slowly see a flailing sheet soak in blood).  He emerges from this crash completely unharmed, which leads to speculation and confusion from doctors, and the media.  Soon after he is given a letter from an art gallery, which displays comic book art entitled "Limited Edition".  There he meets the owner, Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson), a man who has suffered from multiple injuries as a result of weak bones, making kids call him "Mister Glass".  Since he spent one third of his life in the hospital he has read many comic books, and takes them to a serious level of philosophy and sub textual meanings, and he believes David to be a real life hero.  To Elijah, comics aren't children's tales about men in brightly colored outfits fighting menacing beings of evil seeking the destruction of good, but as one of mankind's most important visual arts.  As the plot moves on the evidence of "truth behind the panels" become clear to David and Elijah, though David doesn't want to accept this, for the already strained relationship between his wife and son has only just started to mend itself after the train crash.  The audience can tell that this will ultimately end with David accepting the truth and mending relations with his family, and they can also anticipate the typical Syamalan twist ending.  Yes, this is a drama with a concept that is hard to take seriously, but Willis and Jackson do take it seriously and that's all that really matters in a movie like Unbreakable, where acting can be the saving grace of the plot's weaknesses.  The two leading actors' performances are worth noting, as is the director's keen attention to details, and sense of visual style.  The music score is at times rather slow, not really capturing the right emotion for the events taking place on screen and that lessens the power of the film.  The twist at the end will probably be anticipated by most moviegoers, or comic book readers, but it isn't as simple as the twist in films such as The Village (Honestly, shame on you if you didn't see that one coming).  This film isn't as good as `Signs', or `The Sixth Sense', but fans of Shymalan's other films will certainly accept this one with arms open wide.  The best parts for me (as a writer, and a comic reader) came from Samuel L. Jackson's character, Elijah Price.  When he got in character and talked about how grand and important the story-telling history behind comic books I felt completely attached to the character.  I grew attached in these moments because I do believe comics are much more than simple stories to amuse children.  They are a very important way of communication, and have been for centuries.  Struggles of good versus evil, right and wrong, they have modeled lots of our cultural traits, whether we believe it or not.  These, philosophical speeches he gives describing comics, and the art styles characters are drawn in captures the truth behind comics, and I hope if anything people can come out of seeing this film with a greater respect for this age old genre of story-telling.  Unbreakable does suffer several problems, which is why the highest rating I can bring myself to give it is four stars.  The main problems, for me, are found in the musical score and the pace of certain scenes.  At times this film is incredibly...well boring.  By boring I do not me it lacks action (you shouldn't expect much adrenaline pumping action in ANY of Shyamalan's films, because he lacks a visual style suited for action), but as in some scenes just don't have any compelling force to catch the audience's attention.  The music, as I said is slow, and I feel it could've really improved these slow scenes if it would've had the musical score that caught your attention, not as in loud and obnoxious, but subtle and mysterious, because for me this film was a supernatural mystery tale, so I think the score should've been more mysterious, dark, and forbidding.  Unbreakable is not as good as `Signs' or `The Sixth Sense' (my personal opinion, so don't get testy if you disagree), but if you DID enjoy those two previously listed films you'll probably enjoy Unbreakable.  If you only liked `Signs' and `The Sixth Sense' because of their suspense, sci-fi, supernatural, and horror aspects, well, you need to realize Unbreakable is a totally different supernatural-drama, so you might want to ignore this one if you don't want to see a superhero film where the "Hero" only takes up the task of fighting evil in the last twenty minutes of the film.  If you watch Shymalan's films because of their style, and emotion, than hop aboard, sit back, relax, and enjoy Unbreakable for what it is.  Shaky, but manages to squeeze out a 4/5 from me due to all the things it did RIGHT, and for the performances by Samuel L. Jackson and Bruce Willis
Not too long ago, in one of my reviews, I expressed my longing for the remake of George A. Romero's "Dawn of the Dead" to prove wrong the hoopla that the mass arrival of classic remakes was to no one's benefit. Marcus Nispel delivered a heavily stylized update of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" that really didn't improve on anything except cinematography (by the same DP of the original). The decision to give these films to virtual unknowns was a huge gamble on the behalf of the studios who financed these remakes, and this time, they got it right. Zach Snyder, with an assured hand and a respectful nod of the hat to his predecessor, has crafted a remake worthy of comparison to the original. Though not half as socially relevant or satirical of the times, this "Dawn of the Dead" blasts from start to finish with a single-minded energy that makes it the best of the remakes so far. The opening of the film, rounding out at about ten minutes from production company logo to "Directed by Zach Snyder", is one of the most compelling, scary, pulse-pounding introductions I've ever seen. It deserves comparison to Takashi Miike's hellacious "Dead or Alive." Complete with Johnny Cash's fantastic musical accompaniment, it strikes a tone that is hard to live up to for the rest of the film, but Snyder does his best, and manages to come out on top. The plot is simple, and has been done before, but rarely with such zest: An unexplained phenomenon (what explanation could possibly suffice?) sweeping the nation is turning human beings into flesh craving ghouls, quick on their feet, and vastly increasing in numbers. The disease, virus, or whatever it is, is only transferrable through the bites of the infected, no matter if it's a tiny nick or an artery-tearing gash. Sarah Polley very simply observes: "Bites killed her. Bites brought her back." Polley is one of the rogue's gallery of survivors that inhabit Crossroads Mall during the invasion, along with Ving Rhames' tough as nails policeman, Jake Weber's sensible divorcee, and Mekhi Phifer's desperate former felon. The acting in the remake is vastly superior to the original, and gives us a wider variety of characters to identify with, which is an important step because of the absence of Romero's looting bikers. These are, for the most part, likable people, and even the ones we would sooner see mauled to death have moments that make us laugh. ("Alright, we draw straws, and the loser runs across the lot with a ham sandwich.") The best scenes of the film are between the Ving Rhames character and a gun store owner across the parking lot from the mall, named Andy. They converse through the use of binoculars and dry-erase marker boards, and even manage to play a game of chess. In one hilarious sequence that is on a par with the best satirical moments in the original film, the mall survivors pick out celebrity lookalikes in the zombie crowd and flash their names to Andy, across the way, who picks them off with a sniper rifle. As I said before, "Dawn of the Dead" is pure energized filmmaking of a high caliber. It doesn't try and be Romero's original film, and in that way, it stands on its own, with its satire carefully concealed in its music (when the survivors first break into the mall, "Don't Worry Be Happy" plays over the speakers). The action sequences toward the end are shot half on film and half on digital video (a la "28 Days Later"), and in one effects shot, involving a propane tank and a flare, we get one of those rare moments that inspires applause during a film. This, combined with the performances, great makeup effects, an embrace of the gore that Romero pioneered, and that kinetic opening, make this a perfect companion piece to sit next to the original "Dawn" on collectors' shelves everywhere.
I spent a long time just trying to figure out what I should give this movie via the 5 star ranking system and i have decided three.  While this movie is enjoyable to watch, there are some things in it that make it take a step back from the original "First Blood" and that is evident when we are watching it. For instance the little kid that takes a liking to Rambo really served no purpose except to get shot in the leg. Which irked me because it was basically a waste of screentime.  All the action of a Rambo movie is still here, so if you like Rambo pick this movie up.
Never give away an old DVD while waiting for a new remaster to hit the shelves! I recently gave away my old copy of "Oklahoma!", and boy do I regret it now!  The first DVD of this movie came out six years ago and was unfortunately not anamorphic. It also had minor problems with shifting color intensity and some "flickery" scenes, but on the whole it looked quite decent for an early DVD-effort. So, of course I took it for granted that this new 50th Anniversary Edition would boast stellar picture quality. Not so!  Well, Disc One with the CinemaScope version looks grand! (This was not available on the old DVD.) But Disc Two, housing the Todd-AO version - the one also used on the 1999 release - is a mess! The colors are slightly faded and dull, and the image is extremely grainy, somewhat dark, and "out-of-focus" all the way through. This was NOT the case with the old non-anamorphic disc! Even when enlarged via zoom mode to fill my plasma screen from side to side, it looked much more sharp and distinct than the new DVD, with warmer colors and a very bright image.  What happened? Surely a transfer from a 70mm source should be able to look superior to any made from a 35mm print. And what's the point of including a new little featurette where wise people sit and talk about the superiority of Todd-AO, when the rival CinemaScope-version on Disc One looks SO MUCH better? (And by the way, the two Todd-AO featurettes from 1955 and 1958, included as bonuses on Disc Two, look pretty fuzzy too! I saw the first one recently, projected from an original 70mm print on a giant screen, and while the colors had faded miserably, the focus was razor sharp! So there's really no excuse for the boring picture quality on this DVD!)  Dear people at Fox: your DVD's for the past four or five years have surely been among the best looking in the business! For this I thank you gratefully. (The new double-disc of "State Fair" looks absolutely terrific in every little detail! A grand job indeed!) But the new Todd-AO version of my beloved "Oklahoma!" should be recalled and remastered immediately. The 1999 DVD is proof enough that better material exist in your vaults. Whatever the problem was this time around: It can - and must - be corrected!  Now...while waiting, how can I get my old DVD back without hurting my friend's feelings?
I like this movie very much. It is one of my favorite videos. The movie was very well made. The character Jesse in my opinion is pretty accurate for a foster child. Many of the same behaviors are in "real" foster kids. I like how he comes to peace in the end from his past and how he accepts his new parents. I like how clean the movie was and it was touching!
"The Bishop's Wife" is not unlike "It's a Wonderful Life" -- a man who thinks he's in trouble is the recipient of divine intervention that reveals what _he_ thinks is right for his life, or the lives of others, isn't necessarily for the best.  "Wife" is not nearly as dark as "Life" (though it does have one unpleasant sequence that counterbalances the "cuteness" of the film's conceit), nor does it attack the materialism of American society quite so forcefully. There is, however, a terse sermon at the end reminding the viewer of the spiritual significance of the holiday. And while Clarence does not actively interfere in human affairs, Dudley does.  The trailer for "The Bishop's Wife" is unusual, because it shows nothing from the film, in an attempt to hide the storyline and who the characters are. Given the way the film starts, with the angelic Grant walking unharmed among moving cars -- I find it odd that the director did not have him coatless in the outdoor scenes.  Regardless, this is an outstanding film that reminds viewers that money is not the source of happiness, and that the highest monuments to God are not made from stone. As if we'll ever learn.  Please avoid, at all costs, the remake, "The Preacher's Wife". I've seen only the first 15 minutes, but it is an atrocity.
I went to see this movie with my girlfriend, and as I suspected, I loved it. The critics attacked it because they saw another movie that was always a bridemaid and never a bride. That is not how I saw this movie at all, even though you may see that in the premise. I see her not really looking so much for marriage as romance, and not so much at romance as much as pleasing her friends.  She is in love with her boss, the very adorable Edward Burns, for whom I have had a crush on since I saw him in She's the One. When her sister comes to town, which I may say is the annoying part of the movie, I didnt like her in the Heartbreak Kid either, she seems like she is trying too hard. Anyway when her sister comes to town, she ends up meeting her boss, Edward Burns, and they fall in love and immediately plan a wedding for which she wants her sister to be a bridesmaid.  Jane's best friend is awesome too, very sharp and funny while she helps her friend come to terms with what she really wants in life. It was hillarious in the beginning when you see Jane running between two different weddings as a bridesmaid for the same night, that is when you realize she has been a bridesmaid so many times that sometimes they fall on the same weekend. I also love it when she shows us her collection of dresses and the many places they take her to remember the good times she has had. The best scene is the bar scene with James Marsden when they get stuck in the mud and have no choice but to go inside the bar and get dry...and then drunk. Its hillarious. It is also the moment when you realize Jane isnt just a plain girl looking to please others, that she has agendas of her own.
I spent my teenage yrs. in the middle&late 1950's.  quiet innocent and rock and roll time. Carefree and fun. But, then came the 1960's.:  for the first time i saw a beautiful first lady who had dark hair was not white: A young and handsome president with cute small children.  So refreshing to the 20 somethings. Then came the horrific assasssination of president  kennedy, it was so frightening. I thought,  what will happen to our country now.?  The only thing the american people  knew about the assasination is  what the news reported; most info  never made any sense, the majority of americans knew we were not being told the whole truth, but then the Vietnam war is taking lots of southern/north white and black boys, people protesting vietnam war(that majority of americans did not even understand why we were in vietnam), students being shot at kent state, blacks marching for equality, martin luther assassinated, then bobby kennedy assassinated.  To go from the peaceful 50's to all this death and devastation was mind boggling. (Nothing to say of all the body bags being brought home from Vietnam) Most americans in 1960's did not trust us gov.  we knew we were told what they wanted us to hear.  Pres. Nixon promised to bring our boys home from Vietnam, I voted for him, it took 3yrs before he brought them home. You cannot trust anyone. Today my grandchildrens generation  are fighting Iraq and Afghanistan war, if anyone dare spit on them, would not be a good idea.  Husbands(vietnam) are one thing, my grandchildern are a entirley different ballgame, i am like a ferocious lion when it comes to my grands.  I am now 69yrs. and the JFK movie tells just how corrupt the American Gov. can be and get away with it. IT SHOULD MAKE ANY AMERICAN TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT INFORMATION US GOV. AND NEWS MEDIA FEEDS US....THANK GOD FOR COMPUTERS and OUR CYBER WORLD.
Good only thing is I all ready have part one and order the movie. This one is a combo of both.. vague description. Made me order what I didn't need.
Who says you need guns in a movie to make it exciting and successful? Certainly not Eastern Promises Director David Cronenberg. Not a pistol or shot fired in this movie.  Cronenberg is on a roll. In 2005 Cronenberg did the awesome <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000CQLZ0Q">A History of Violence</a> (with Vigo Mortensen, and Mortensen is the leading man in Eastern Promises too), and A History of Violence was Cronenberg's best since Dead Ringers back in 1988. Strangely, Both A History of Violence and Eastern Promises were not big box office hits. But don't let that fool you. If you missed A History of Violence, don't miss Eastern Promises...then go rent the former.  Eastern Promises is an episode in the life of a London chapter of the Russian mob and how an unsuspecting midwife at a local hospital gets mixed up with them. Now that may not sound too compelling, but let me tell you...you get a thoroughly entertaining film here complete with a hard R for brutal, bloody violence.  The team of Cronenberg and Mortensen have done it again with Eastern Promises...another fast paced, engrossing film. The movie includes twists that you never see coming, and leaves an opening for Cronenberg to do something he's never done: direct a sequel to one of his films.  Check it out.
More ammunition for those who don't like Jennifer... That's one of the main consequences of this movie, where she has no chemistry with Stiller at all, and, once again, she is on a secondary role (like in BRUCE ALMIGHTY), and playing once again a slightly "empty brain" woman. I think all the deserved credit she has received by "The Good Girl" are going useles due to movies like this, where she can't hold the audience's interest in her character. Although the Polly character has its name in the title of the movie, this is a Stiller movie from beginning to end. There are good points, mainly Hank Azaria, but this is definitely a movie to RENT, not to buy at all!
I am a big fan of Dracula movies (from way back). I saw this in the theater when it first came out and loved it!!! I have it on VHS, but wanted the DVD. I looked in many stores, but couldn't find it anywhere except Amazon. Thanks!
This is a big roll for Elijah besides Deep Impact. He is also good in all of his movies Someday we are going to star in a movie together :}
...would've been nice to have the option to buy it in HD.  NFL really dropped the ball on that one.  Otherwise, great set and would make a great gift for any Giants fan.
This short workout is very simple and basic, with easy to follow basic moves.  It's a mix of cardio and just a little bit of strength training.  As a male, I found the strength training portion a little too easy, basic and short.  It is an easy intermediate workout if you do the low impact moves and lighter dumbbells. You may make it more intense by wearing the optional weighted vest, jumping on the high impact moves, and using heavier dumbbells.  Besides dumbbells and the optional vest, a bench or chair is required, and a towel is recommended.  Gin Miller instructs and demonstrates in a basic and simple gym setting with a clock counting down the time.  Total workout time (31 minutes)  Aerobic warm up Out out in in Squat March or jog Push ups March or jog Crab walk, low or high impact Triceps dips Walk or jog Squat thrust Side core work March or jog Football run Plank with feet movements March or jog Jump rope Row Jumping jacks Biceps curl March or jog Lunge presses with scissors Bent over back raise Aerobic cooldown  Core work (3:16)  Stretch (4:48)
the mummy and jet li-- this was a good film cgi sucked butt the yeti was totally jacked up for a multimillion dollar film fix up the cgi loved the army was creative so in conclusion it slightly worthy of being owned.
Ahh...Casino. The last Martin Scorsese/Robert De Niro film (before Scorsese started putting Leonardo DiCaprio in every single one of his movies. Damn it, bring back De Niro!), and the last amazing performance by De Niro (not counting Heat, which was released a couple of weeks after this), before he sunk into mediocrity. "Casino" uses the same formula as Goodfellas to tell the tale of Sam 'Ace' Rothstein (De Niro), the runner of a Mob-controlled casino. Nicky Santoro (Joe Pesci), a fiery gangster with a bad temper, is sent to look after Sam. Along the way, Sam falls in love with Ginger (Sharon Stone), a greedy b*tch who's only interested in Sam's money. But things get out of hand when Nicky causes trouble, and Ginger continues to see her pimp boyfriend (James Woods) behind Sam's back. In the end, you'll learn why you should never marry a woman who doesn't love you. Based on a true story, Casino is almost 3 hours long, but never gets boring  Much like Goodfellas before it, Casino uses narration to explain the details of the job. Using duel-narration from De Niro and Pesci, Casino is able to explain every little detail about the plot, the mob, and what running a casino is really like. On the other hand, the narration can get a little tiring, as the first 20 minutes consist of nothing but narrating (that's really my only complaint about this movie). But thankfully, the great story sucks you in, and you get used to the narrating.  The acting here is brilliant. You have the awesome combination of De Niro and Pesci, and Stone in her best performance yet. Not only that, but the supporting cast is great as well. James Woods, Don Rickles, Kevin Pollack, and Frank Vincent round out a fantastic cast.  Casino tells the perfect story of a powerful organization f*cking up, and how fast you can lose everything. It's kind of funny, I hated this the first time I watched it. But then I bought the special edition DVD (why buy a DVD for a movie I didn't like? I don't know). But then I watched it again, and loved it. One of 1995's best films. Recommended.
I first saw this on cable about 8 years ago. I love the "feel" of this movie.  Both Robert De Niro and Phillip Seymour Hoffman give wonderful performances.  The entire supporting cast are excellent as well.  I love the scene between the "drag queens" and the gay republicans.
Although I have heard about American Graffiti for many years, I had never seen it until now.  It is a teenage coming of age show set in a small California town in the early 1960s.  It features Curt Henderson (Richard Dreyfuss) and Steve Bolander (Ron Howard) as best friends who are getting ready to go off to college together.  They have lots of second thoughts and relationship issues to sort through.  There are lots of typical teenager type situations throughout - car chases, breakups, etc.  It is really a fun show to watch.  In addition to the storyline, there is a lot of great classic music and some future big stars getting a start besides Dreyfuss (Ron Howard was already well known from his childhood series work).  Others who are in this include Suzanne Somers and Harrison Ford.  The legendary disk jockey Wolfman Jack also fills a cameo role.  Although I may have never gotten around to watching this movie if it wasn't in my Netflix queue, I am glad that I did.  It is really a good time.
If anyone could tell us, that would be great. I am sure you can get reviews for this movie at the regular release page.
It seems like people expected something else from this movie. What it delivers is a borderline epic account of a man who believes he is the last person alive - who's only hope to find companionship is to cure the disease which plagues the "zombies" which haunt the night.  What it does NOT deliver is your run of the mill zombie movie - endowed with decapitations and handguns which hold thousands of rounds in a single magazine.  This movie will have you on the edge of your seat from the opening scene. You'll find yourself making predictions about what's going to happen so that you can comfort and calm yourself down.  NOTHING prepared me for "I Am Legend". This is a zombie/survival movie which stands completely apart from any other I've seen. The elements of realism and emotion are portrayed meticulously and perfectly - and there are plenty of satisfying action sequences.  Don't be fooled by disappointed reviewers. This movie is worth watching. Will Smith is brilliant, and the cinematography is breathtaking.
What a fine sequel to Disney's TREASURE ISLAND. It's great to see Robert Newton again as Long John, a role he was born to play. The film itself is superbly presented in it's original ,glorious color in widescreen so you do see the bars on the top and bottom , but that's no problem. The story is great with all the characters back in play and Newton is outstanding !! This is, undoubtedly, the finest copy available on DVD, so,Long John fans, don't hesitate. This film was also the pilot for the Long John TV series that Newton did in the fifties,which I wish would get the same DVD treatment as this film.
<span class="tiny"> Length:: 6:01 Mins  </span>Gina from Haunted Flower reviews the movie "The Blind Side", written and directed by John Lee Hancock based on the book written by Michael Lewis and starring Sandra Bullock, Quentin Aaron, and Tim McGraw.  [...]
Das Boot is quite possibly the most realistic submarine movie ever made.  The audience is drawn in so intently that you can nearly smell the oil, gunpowder, and sweat in the crowded confines of the sub.  Perhaps the only negative aspect of this film is that you begin to root for the Germans.  In essance this film shows with great passion and precision the horrors of war on all sides. A great piece of entertainment.
This movie rocks, and anyone in any world can say that. The film is hilarious, silly, stupid and funny which makes it all the worth while. Mike Myers is amazing, he plays 2 characters, directs and wrote the film. Well,  he's just groovy baby! Austin Powers (Myers) has just been un-frozen into  the 90's to help fight Dr. Evil (also Myers) who is planning to destroy the  world. See this film and remember what good, fun comedies are all about.
I just saw this movie for the first time a few days ago and I am sorry I never discovered it sooner. What an amazing movie! I don't think I could say enough about how touching this movie is. There isn't one thing I would change about this movie. The characters are absolutely perfect! I especially liked Bud Cort's performance. I don't think there is anyone else out there that could have been a better Harold. There are so many really funny parts in this movie. I admit the whole age difference thing is kind of weird, but it just goes to show you that if you let appearances bother you, you could be passing up an amazing friend that totally changes your life for the better. That's what makes this movie so special. People not caring about what the world thinks of them. If you havn't seen this movie, I reccommend you see it as soon as possible. If you want to see a feel good movie, this is it! I think some people might think the ending is sad, but I think it has the best ending possible. It's the perfect ending if you really think about it. It was the best way to go. I couldn't give 'Harold And Maude' enough praise. I enjoyed this movie a lot and I know if you like romantic comedies, you will love this movie. Share it with everyone you know!!!
I just don't know why they bothered to produce this 5th and final Rocky movie. Rocky had it fine in the 4th. Money, fame, being somebody of high class, and in this one, they turn him back down to the virtual bum he was in the first one! And yet in this one, he isn't even the fighter, how stupid! I'm surprised they didn't just call it 'Tommy'. Afterall, Tommy Gunn is the star here. And what was really dumb was that not even in the end did they show him getting back on his feet financially. They just leave everybody clueless as to what happened to his finances. Did he get his financial problem worked out? Is he still the victim of Pauly's stupid mistake? Rocky's goal AND Adrian's goal was for him to get a nice place, money, ect. Other than being champion, that was the whole other goal.  And in that street fight at the end, it wasn't even announced if he'd get any money for that fight with Tommy. This movie just leaves you high and dry and to what happenes to him financially and just seeing him lose everything like that was depressing! I rest my case.
after the previous season three i was worried. season three was less than interesting, it was boring most of the time-  but season 4 is automatically arresting.  so i went into this, buying it for my son, because he wanted to see Robin... and my expectations were LOW but there was only one episode that was so-so- and the rest of them were at least an 8 out of 10. seriously.  JUST BUY THIS.  there are surprises in the end, and the writing gets increasing better as the season goes on- the ZOMBIE episode is one of the best i have ever seen in cartoon/superhero genre.  THe relationship isn't as strained between batman/robin as it has been explained in other series, but that's cool. and bruce seems a bit more empathetic and kinder in this than he is in other series/portrayals... and that's nice- refreshing even.  I am SO excited and hopeful now for season five.
This is basically the tale of the five - Ali, Frazier, Norton, Foreman, Holmes - dominant heavyweights during the 70's, generally regarded the golden age of the division.  Of course, Ali and Frazier began their careers in the 60's, but it was in the 70's that all 5 of them occupied the galaxy at the same time and had to inevitably fight one another. This DVD differs only slightly from the Laserdisc version, but it is the extra interview that makes the difference.  It is interesting to hear at least three (or four) of the five wonder how they would have against Jack Johnson.  Of course, Johnson was the first black heavyweight champion, but more than that, he was a mold breaker in terms of his defense and in his ability to fight the "mental" game.  He knew how to stoke the public and press, literally he was ahead of his time, he was Ali before there was Ali.  (And there are not a few computer simulated fights by magazines that would have Johnson beating Ali.) In the interviews, we also share the sadness that Larry Holmes felt while he was champion, where most of the time he was considered an Ali clone and never really on his own merits.  Then, before he even got his due, Mike Tyson eclipsed him.  Larry Holmes may have been "technically the best" of the five, and in the interview, he illustrates this clearly; when they still sparred, not only can he block Ali's jab, but he can return it stiffer and sharper.  They're about the same in size and reach, and it was not until he was 38 that Holmes was knocked out, so they may have been equal in the density of their chins.  Although they're not exactly similar stylistically, Holmes had Ali's 1960's athleticism.  Holmes edge?  The jab, and the power in both hands overall is just a tad greater. In the end, that is about my only complaint about this movie. It's that the four other fighters merely serve as a footnote to the great career of Ali.  Even that segment where we see Joe Frazier in his brutal duel with Jerry Quarry and his victory over Jimmy Ellis, all we hear is the voice of Ali (while he toured the college circuit) asking students "Who's the champion of the world?!"  It's too contrived and in my opinion, bad taste.  Even the footages of the political events during the 1960's-early 70's were no doubt there to illustrate Ali's social consciousness and the sacrifice he made for his political position. Ali was indeed a great fighter, definitely the greatest heavyweight, but his greatness was fulfilled by his duels with the fighters who shared the billing with him in the movie.  An even presentation would have been welcome, after all, Ali does not need any help in the promotion department anymore. Overall, this is a good DVD.  However, as a boxing fan, you cannot help but wonder, after watching them in action, how the following matchups, which never happened, would have gone: -Norton vs. Frazier (they were basically stablemates under Eddie Futch, which probably explains why they never met in a formal match) -Foreman vs. Holmes anytime around 1974-78.  This one, I would have paid to see. Enjoy.
This is season 2 of the Teen Titans series, and is notable for adapting the "Judas Contract" story arc from the comics. Terra is introduced, and Beast Boy is given something else to do other than play the comic relief. In other episodes Starfire is blasted to the future and meets Nightwing(!), Robin takes Killer Moth's daughter to the prom, and the Titans compete in a tournament of heroes and gain new allies. The obligatory "fractured" episode of the season is just that, with an imp named Larry breaking reality and causing chaos for everyone. The only blemish is the tail end of the season finale, which seems to take the easy way out after all the built-up character drama.  So we get another nice, compact, affordable collection of episodes. Half of this season was already released under the subtitle "Fear Itself," but this is the only place to pick up the remaining 7 episodes. Since Warner Bros. doesn't seem to be releasing another single disc for those who bought the first one, the smart (only) bet would be for fans to grab this set and sell the single disc. The prices are comparable, either way.
This is a great beginning to another saga in Dragonball Z. It begins with Gohan and everyone on Earth thinking that everything is fine, but soon trouble finds them. Frieza and his father, King Cold, land and are set on  destroying everything. All of a sudden, Trunks shows up and the battle  begins. This is a great tape and shouldn't be missed, but also get the next  tape, Prelude to Terror, to see what happens after the cliffhanger at the  end of this tape.
While the basic plot is fine and the robot is charming, the acting is weak and the addition of sexual jokes and swear words does nothing to enhance the movie.  Skip this one and jump to Short Circuit 2,  which is a much more entertaining movie, and the acting is better too.
Please note that my critique does not relate to the excellent picture staring Kevin Costner, Jeanne Tripplehorn and Dennis Hopper. It is not my intention to write another summary of the story line.  Maybe we are spoiled, but when we purchase a DVD, we expect to receive an uncut version. In fact, I have a 3 hours version of Waterworld on my VHS tape. This DVD offers mere 2 hours of the story! You can imagine how many of the scenes are missing: whopping 1/3 of the movie is cut off!!  Sure we will get to see a few scenes removed from syndication by censors. Sadly, its the American way. But the matter of fact is, that the disappointment about the missing 33% of the movie is great. The scenes which we have not seen on the TV screen contain the Mariner peeing into a bottle at the beginning, and later a glimpse of Jeanne Tripplehorn in nude, when she offers herself to the Mariner to save Enola. Harmless, I suspect that the entire planet saw these scenes in the TV anyway, except for the United States. Welcome to the world of cultural differences.  Furthermore, this DVD does not carry any stories behind the scenes, documentaries or interviews. I am sure that the publisher will than later release yet another Waterworld DVD, or maybe even 2 DVD version, called (say) "collectors edition," and will try to sell it to us as well.  If you have seen this movie, and maybe recorded it on tape, hold your breath, wait for the complete edition!
Finally taking on World War II and it's effects on the nation of Holland, Paul Verhoeven is back. He hasn't really dealt with this type of material since "Soldier of Orange" decades ago. His last film was the abysmal Hollywood sci-fi movie "Hollow Man". So now Verhoeven returns to the arthouse cinema, first time in many years. His ballsy style is in full evidence once again, filled with action, violence and sex but not gratuitously used like he sometimes does. The story is filled with twists, turns and many surprises, never disappointing in the area of entertainment. Some may claim that this is a Hollywood film masquerading as an arthouse flick but don't be so quick to judge. Hollywood would quickly sanitize an audacious film like this if they had a chance to produce it, that's why Verhoeven went back to Europe to make this film.  As most reviewers have already summarized the necessary plot points, I won't dwell on them. Just wanted to write this review and say that Verhoeven is back as a director to watch! Hopefully his next film will be more ambitious and contain the same type of great storytelling but brought to different subject matter. So, go out and rent or buy Black Book if you care about this filmmaker or if you just like World War II movies in general. Although this film contains it's many cliches, at least it shows that not all Germans were evil. Sebastian Koch is the male lead alongside the lead character played by Carice van Houten.  The title of this film is a bit random as this so called Black Book has little to do with most of the movie and acts as a sort of problem solving plot point near the end. I wouldn't go so far as to call it a deus ex machina. In conclusion, a very entertaining film indeed and a return to form for this director. For the record, my favorite Paul Verhoeven film is and probably always will be... ROBOCOP.
Well I got tired of waiting for the Soap TV channel to show the reruns of Dallas again so I started purchasing the series through Amazon.  It's wonderful seeing Ol' JR doing his mischief.  I wouldn't pay the price Amazon is charging though, you can get new ones through the sellers on Amazon for $9.99 and they are a fine bargain.  I've bought seasons one through five and I'm enjoying them tremendously, especially since I find many of the current tv shows very poorly written or boring.  I'm not sure how many I'll buy,since the later seasons were not as good.  I miss a nighttime series like this.  Reality tv is getting repetitive and I'm sick of cop, lawyer and hospital shows.  It's nice to pop one of these dvds in on occasion.
Bravo! I have to admit I have finally been impressed by the lack luster MOH series. This is by far the finest piece of work I have seen out of all the MOH short films.  The Black Cat is a classic Edgar Allen Poe tale that was created perfectly by Stuart Gordon.It was slightly slow at the start but picked up beautifully half way through. It wasn't scary (if thats what you're looking for) but it was intense and extremely well put together. I absolutely loved it and would recommend it to anyone looking for a unique viewing experience, especially if you are a fan of the MOH series.
A good entertaining movie but could do without the explicit sex scenes. Somethings should be left to the imagination.
Its a good movie to sit back and  watch while the world is saved for the American Way!  And they didn't even try a sequel(Yet)
Never having seen the "late, great TVZ" live, I ordered this to learn more about him and at least see videos of him performing. As fans of TVZ know, his music gets you right in the gut and this video biography came close to breaking my heart.  In one scene, he is shown smiling while he is playing, "Waiting Around to Die" to an audience of 2 and as I listened I came close to tears. In fact, the man who was behind him, started out smiling as he listened and ended up with large tears rolling down his cheeks.  His music has the power to do that to you, even in a video.  The film doesn't minimize his addictions and the effect it had on his life and the pain inflicted on the people who loved him.  It was also clear that he cared about them too.  He inspired loyalty because, in his own way, he was loyal.  Early in the film, he is heard saying that he didn't expect to live long and that his life would end before his work was finished because "I've designed it that way." True to his prediction, he was still trying to finish one more record when he left us.  I'm sure he is still writing and performing his songs in that other place.  If you are a fan of TVZ, get this movie. It's one you will want to see more than once.
I have just recently started watching Little Britain on BBC-America.  I loved the episodes I watched and wanted to see if the other seasons were just as good, due to the season I was watching was the 3rd season.  I bought the 1st season in April, LOVED IT, and then when the 2nd season went on sale, I just had to buy it.  All I can say is that I loved both seasons and can't wait for season 3 to come to DVD.
It's obviously a filmed play.  The plot is totally predictable but Robert Preston's iconic role is worth seeing again.
Saw this film for the first time here in New York city on the big screen.Lots of fun - bggest comedy of the year! Favorite line "Mom, what's wrong with me? Answer - Don't worry, just take your pills and you'll be fine!!Linda Blair as always gives a great performance - they should have given her the Academy award instead of nomination only!!
This is just a classic children's story. If you ever read the comics from early 1900's you'll enjoy this video as well with a little more history on it.
It's 1991 in Los Angeles, and Time has occurred in two dimensions. A bizarro world has been created, where a wealthy philanthropist named Lebowski is mirrored in a skewed hippie deadbeat version also named Lebowski (The Dude). The Dude exists in a Bizarro Los Angeles where bowling is popular and CCR is too. However, he's about to come face to face with the Big Lebowski! The Dude's world will collide with another world, where L.A. is filled with schemers and criminals who enjoy In-n-Out Burger. The Dude gets caught up in a blackmail/kidnapping plot and is forced to help extort the Big Lebowski on behalf of three German Techo dancers. It is indeed a bizarro L.A., as one can only imagine. The Dude does things very differently in bizarro L.A., like making a White Russian with half and half. The semantics in bizarro L.A. are also skewed: The Dude refers to bowling as golfing, and Nihilists as Nazis. But, in some twisted way, that makes sense in any version of Los Angeles. The Big Lebowski is a film about two dimensions colliding in an epic battle for Los Angeles. It's unbelievable that this isn't widely considered a Sci-Fi Classic.  2.342
In the middle of the Amazonas Klaus Kinski pretends to build an Opera House bringing to Enrico Caruso . Provocative , intriguing , surrealist , irreverent and haunting film . Think just in this innovative idea . The magic realism will load the screen with arresting and awful images when you really discover the B plan of this special man . Cannes 1982 as Best director and one of the supreme jewels of this clever german director . Even I consider Aguirre the wrath of God his immortal masterpiece , I recognize this is a masterful work . Watch it ; you will be astonished for a long long time .
This is my favorite ballet workout tape. I wish it came in DVD format because I no longer have a VHS player. The workout is about 50 minutes long, not too difficult but not too easy. It really helps you develop dancer legs. Stephanie is easy to follow and has a very nice personality. She gives good visuals to help you with the moves.
This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a long timel.  I love it.  If you are feeling blue watch this movie.
It was fun to watch this again after so long.  Lots of violence though.
This is the KINO VIDEO version of the movie METROPOLIS. Currently there are a number of prints of this DVD out, but most of them utilize 16mm prints that are often grainy and blurry... which is NOT a good tribute to what is considered one of the greatest sci fi movies ever. The Kino video offers a beautiful soundtrack as well as a clear, near pristine 35mm print in its version. The Kino version also contains a very thorough movie, which, once again, is absent in most prints. Weeks after METROPOLIS was shown, it was cut drastically. Kino has released the most- complete version to date, using footage that was from some of the cut to enhance and explain the story. Parts of the movie that have been lost, presumably forever, are explained through intertitles. The story makes much more sense and offers a great deal more depth now. I cannot recommend this movie enough to anyone who loves silent film or science fiction.
the movie is great, but just like they did on DVD, the unrated extended edition will be released after people buy this version
Tony Curtis and Cary Grant are at their handsomest.  You should see Cary in his admiral outfit.  But, in my opinion, you may disagree, a very obvious flaw is the weak cast of women.  I was casting it in my mind as I watched.  Marilyn Monroe would have been hilarious-- and Thelma Ritter as the mechanic. Of course, with a stellar cast, the parts would have had to be better for them. The pink sub is hilarious and the men seem very relaxed, glad to get non-challenging roles.  This is a must for the 50's comedies collector and has that great super-bright photography.
Ladyhawke is a fun movie. It has an interesting story line, advenuture, and is enjoyable. Lucille Maimone
I was horribly disappointed at the cinematic rendition of Phantom, featuring a cast of mostly non-singers trying very hard to hit the right note. The live production of Phantom is a spectacle, and everything you want theatre to be.  That said, I was doing back flips when I discovered this version existed. I'd been saying for years that someone needed to just film the stage show, as they've done with countless other Broadway shows. Well, if you want the stage show you may be slightly disappointed. All of the scenes are there, not rearranged or cut completely as in the film version. The exception is that, for whatever reason, the decision was made to perform in a concert hall and not a theater. The behind the scenes features explain the challenges this presented so I can be forgiving. The hall has no wings, or the traditional elements needed for the set pieces of Phantom to work. Still i was disappointed that one of the most dazzling things about Phantom, the set, was reduced to a giant projection. It's an impressive piece of technology, with shifting LED screens that project the sets, but it does rob the show of some of the magic. I understand this was probably the best option with the venue, but a better venue would seem to have been a wiser choice. Without alot of the set special effects, the spectacle is not so spectacular. To create the "spectacle" the cast was tripled to be able to fill the enormous stage. This isn't necessarily bad, but again, a smaller venue, with the original staging would have been better. The producers chose to do a full staging, versus a concert (like with Les Miserables) so for that I am extremely grateful. But, the chandelier does not raise in the beginning nor crash to the stage mid show, there's no quirky elephant with drunken stage hands, and the graveyard is lackluster. At times the giant projections work, like when Christine and Raoul are on the roof of the Opera, at other times it does take away from the magic and mystery. Still, if the choice was a staged concert, or this, I'll take this. At any rate it is a phenomenal improvement over the film. Nothing beats the live show, but now that the tour is ended, this is a comforting substitute.
This movie could have been amazing if Hollwood did not alter the story. If you want an authentic close to the real story mob film, watch Goodfellas, Casino, Godfather, Gangs of NY. I must give this movie some points for a great cast.
This season is on 2 dvds and has much more content that the previous years.
Ah the cigarettes, the sexism, the smarmy executives, the docile secretaries, the bored housewives ... welcome to America in 1960 and specifically Madison Ave where this engrossing series is set.  We are in the macho world of advertising execs on a quest to sell the perfect product while drinking and screwing their way to perdition. Much of the fun is seeing how much things have changed. Did people really smoke that much? I felt as if I was getting lung cancer just from watching them. They light up first thing in the morning, before meals, after meals, during sex, on the train, in the car, in the kitchen, in the toilet, in the office. The whole world musty have smelled of smoke. That lovely, blond, Grace Kelly look alike with the peaches and cream comlexion must have given off the odor of an ashtray.  Were people really so sexist? Women, or rather girls, are treated totally like objects -- of desire, or more accurately of lust, of ridicule, of disdain, of pity, of scorn -- never ever as equals.  The main character, Donald Draper, is a handsome, suave  and talented adman with a wife, two kids, a couple of mistresses and a secret. His secretary, Peggy Olson in an ingenue on the way up. Various other sleazy types inhabit the office. We also see Draper's home life, his lovely but bored wife Betty and the kids.  There's a lot of pleasure to be had from spotting the period references. The reconstruction of the early sixties milieu seems to be flawless. Wonderful artifacts of the period, half-forgotten, seem to pop up at every moment. But of course, we're not really in 1960 -- we're looking back at ourselves not so long ago and wondering at how far we've come -- and how far we still have to go.  This is a great series.
I had not watched the first season of this show, but caught a couple of the new season so I wanted to go back and get the first one.  To start with, Morgan Freeman is a great host of the show.  I have always liked him and his voice and personality match the show perfectly and makes it easy to listen to.  The show itself addresses various issues that many people think about from time-to-time and often crosses into the areas where science fiction and science fact meet, such as whether there are aliens from outer space.  The various experts on the subject matter are engaging and work well to try to present the material in a manner that is easy for a layman to follow, but you do not feel that they are talking down to you.  Instead you feel they are making an effort to bring difficult concepts across in an easy manner.  Some of the episodes also work well for older children, especially if they are curious about science.  One thing to note is you may want to take a look at the episodes.  For example, like the concept of life after death (second season, not this DVD) or that aliens may be things that may not be appropriate depending on the particular child - not that they are scary, but you may want to give a quick run through the various episodes to make sure it works for you children if you are watching with them.
I never read the novels this film is based on so I can't say I'm really a fan of the genre.  That said, I enjoyed "Master and Commander" immensely.  I thought that director Peter Weir captured the claustrophobia of being aboard a warship circa 1800 and the feeling of being embattled at sea.  The construction of the ships, from every creaking plank and rusting nail, is flawless.  The sound and cinematography here is superb.  As far as the story, it's slow going at first but as the film progresses and the characters become more fleshed out it picks up momentum.  As far as the performances, what can you say about Russell Crowe, probably one of the most versatile actors working today.  He can add another memorable character in Jack Aubrey, the cocksure and determined captain of the H.M.S. Surprise.  He is equalled by Paul Bettany, the ship's surgeon and naturalist, Stephen Maturon.  These two are as much confidantes as adversaries.  Whereas Aubrey obsesses over attacking a state of the art French ship, the Acheron, Maturon lobbies Aubrey about taking a more cautious approach.  One could almost draw an obvious parallel in modern pop culture(dare I say it? Kirk and McCoy).  Anybody looking for a well told story that takes it's time this is the film for you.
this is a great, funny movie. it's one of my favorite adam sandler movies. yes, it's goofy, but you can't help but laugh. i don't know what those people who hated it are talking about...what are you expecting oscar caliber comedy or something?
You've seen them all. Snow White, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty. They all have hipsy-sdipsy girls who drop hankerchifs and want the princes to pick them up. However Mulan creates Avalanches, Fights an extremley dangerous army leader on a roof top and defeats him and defeats half of the hun army. I'd like to see Cinderella do that. The characters are also great. Mushu the tiny red dragon (who is voiced by Eddie Murphy) is hilarious. Shan Yu and the Hun army are perfect villains for the movie and the ancestors are funny. I always crack up when I see what happens with the Matchmaker.
This is a very good movie. It shows how was not a country of one. Was not a country of equal rights? We should do so much more to come together. I am not a big movie watcher. I am straight, however, did enjoy watching this DVD more than once.
I just viewed Room 222.The picture and sound quality could have better,of course.But thanks to Shout ,for putting it out ,when no one else would.Where would we be without Shout.Too bad there aren't more companies like them.By the way,Shout is putting out season 2 of this show and others-Bill Cosby Show Season 2,Adventures of Sonic The Hedgehog Vol.3,My 2 DAD'S Season 2-FEB.16TH.,2010==pre-order Jan.18th,'10.,Mr.Belvedere 4th. Season And Ironside 3rd.Season.These will only be available at [...].Room 222,Mr. Belvedere and Ironside will be available,Jan.19,10.Not sure yet about-Bill Cosby Show and Adv.of Sonic,release date/s but probably early 2010 also.Stores won't carry these due to poor sales.:(Spread the news.
The 3rd disc has 3 hidden easter eggs and here is how to find them:  SNL Skit: Go to Deleted Scenes and the last page with Chapter 29. Move the cursor so the picture for Chapter 29 is highlighted in an orange border. Hit the RIGHT cursor (nothing will happen) and then the DOWN cursor and the faint couple near the bottom will highlighted in a white border.  MTV Skit: Go to the Marketing Menu and highlight "Fox Special: Breaking New Ground". Hit the RIGHT cursor (nothing will happen) and then the DOWN cursor and the newspaper in the lower right of the screen will be highlighted in a yellowish border.  Titanic in 30 Seconds with Bunnies: Go to Special Features, then Still Galleries, then Production Artwork. Move the cursor RIGHT until "View Entire Gallery" is underlined. Hit the UP cursor TWICE until the blue arrow in the middle of the screen is highlighted.  These are really  great  and you will be very  happy  to see them!!  :) :) :)
As others have written, this film will be ranked as one of the classics of all time. I loved every detail of it. No need to repeat the praise of others. However, if you are interested in purchasing this Blue Ray product, you should be aware that this is the extended length version of the film, and it detracts from the beauty of the original. It becomes draggy and a little disjointed. If anything, it proves the importance of good editing in the original. Look for the theatrical release. Four star rating only because of this. I returned it to Amazon and ordered the Blue Ray Region Free edition.  ***Please not that the above paragraph DOES NOT apply to the Region Free Blue Ray edition.  I expect that it will be the theatrical release. Will update when I receive it.
The mixture of cinema and commentary from the people who lived through these events makes this film a must see for anyone interested in the American socialist response to the Bolshevik Revolution and the idealism  they embodied.  Beatty and Keaton have amazing chemistry in the dramatic  recreation of the events that transpired.  Beatty masterfully captures the  disillusionment felt by John Reed as the idealistic Bolshevik Revolution  gave way to a reign of terror.
If you have not seen Nightmare Before Christmas (NBC) You are missing out on one of Tim Burton's finest. Danny Elfman is brilliant. The music is beautiful. This is a whimsical, contemporary opera that everyone can enjoy. On my families favorites list!
Every citizen in the U.S. should be required to view Expelled.  I plan to show it to my senior class before we start our research papers.  It shows what I've known for years: that if you want to control a culture you need to control the schools, the media, and the courts.  Sadly, that is the America we live in today.  I want my students to have a full understanding that they may have to dig deeply and widely to overcome the single-mindedness and the skewed interpretations they are probably going to encounter.  I think the lesson they will learn after viewing Expelled is that "Believing is seeing" rather than "Seeing is believing".  A big THANK YOU to courageous Ben Stein.  Who would a thunk Ben Stein would be a hero -- anyone?
I had a difficult time finding this VCR tape. It was for a Christmas gift for someone who doesn't yet have a DVD player. I couldn't find it ANYWHERE.  But, Amazon.Com came to the rescue !!!  The person I gave it to, said it was absolutely fine, with the exception of a few tracking problems.  This is a beautiful story...a classic...even better that "Brokeback Mountain" !!!!
I bought this for my 3 and 5 year old, who love MLP and have seen all of the recent movies.  I have to say I am unhappy with the revamping of this favorite.  This movie does not have the same quality as the rpevious movies!  Along with a new too cutesie look these ponies are also sporting new (and not so great) attitudes.  Instead of the adorable, sweet, caring, and loving friends that we know and love these ponies show jealousy, greed, envy, they fight, stick their tongues out at each other, sneak around to cover up a mistake, and lie.  The redemption and moral that you might expect never really comes as they quickly wrap it up by tossing out a few quick and not heartfelt apologies.  I was hugely upset with this movie and will probably get rid of it as soon as possible.  I'll stick with our favorite loveable ponies!
These movies just get better and better with each new one. I was really impressed with the acting in this movie. Also, the story itself was quite good. For what is supposed to be a "children's movie", it had some very grown up scenes. I thought this movie was handled very well, and it is bringing the series to more a darker tone, which is necessary for the next 2 movies. Bravo to all involved in the Order of the Phoenix.
I'm not going to proceed to judge this movie on the unhistoricity of the claims it makes about Christianity.  By now, thanks to this film and the book of the same title, most individuals interested in Christology should be aware that this story is nothing more than ignis fatuus.  That being said, I will make this critique based on the quality and presentability of the film, and not on the controversies it has stirred within certain caucuses.  As a movie the Code leaves much to be desired.  There are gaps in the storyline and overlooked pieces of evidence in the Louvre Museum by the police that no respectable law enforcement agency would fail to detect.  For example, Langdon and detective Neveu, after successfully evading Captain Feche in the museum, strike a series of clues (writings, bloodstains, keys) that the entire investigatory team analyzing the crime scene failed to uncover.  In this museum, which has become the depository of some of the most consequential and prestigious works of art in the history of civilization, are there no cameras?  They have - as seen in the film - an iron fence that deploys  from above when a painting is removed from its position.  Why then did Detective Feche, or any of his detectives, not consult, or at least request,  video that might lift suspicion of Langdon and expose the real killer of the museum's curator?  Continuing with the unconvincing,  Langdon and Detective Neveu fail to ask each other seemingly obvious questions that - if answered - might end the movie immediately or take it in a whole new direction.  Ian McKellen, a fabulous actor of extraordinary talent, lacks complete credibility in this film.  So what went catastrophically wrong?  Well, it wasn't the book or its author Dan Brown who has been selling copies of the Code faster then they can print them.  And although the performances were at best questionable, by themselves these are not enough to sink the movie.  The most obvious answer as to why the Code is so deficient is Ron Howard, the director.  Mr. Howard simply lacked the vision and forethought to successfully and credibly present The Da Vinci Code in a manner believable (as a film, not history) to the audience. I think most individuals who gave this film favorable ratings were captured by the mystery and romantic luster most conspiracies are imbued with, and had a pre-formulated supposition of Jesus and his relationship to Mary Magdalene.
Antonio is a great kisser isn't he?  I liked this one almost as much as the first. After I watch it again, I may like it more. True some of the stunts were a little over the top, but afterall, it's the "LEGEND" of Zorro.  We got to know a lot more about the couple. I liked the depth of their characters. The movie has humor, action, love, Antonio. As the special features in the first movie DVD point out, he's the first Spanish actor to play the part. It is a flamboyant, passionate part. Only a Spaniard could do it justice. Love the chemistry between Catherine and Antonio, and between Antonio and his horse.  My husband is in love with Catherine this year, and I with Antonio, so it's a great movie for us to watch together. Watch the movie with someone YOU love! OLE!
I think this is really Shirley's best film (the others:  Heidi and The Little Princess).  The musical numbers are great, her co-stars wonderful (Buddy Ebsen, Guy Kibbee) - there's real chemistry there.  If you don't cry  your eyes out when Shirley is ripped out of Cap's arms when she tries to  flee the truant officer with him on a rowboat, you might be made of stone.  Happy endings abound in Shirley's films, however, and this one, like the  others, is sweet and magical.
I've been a fan of Clint Eastwood's Westerns for such a long time. I saw this movie only very recently and enjoyed it. Don't miss it!!!
This is a very funny movie, if you don't have a since of humor about religion it isn't for you.  It just shows how some people are about their beliefs, the outside may look different but their hearts are still the same.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002OXRSG">Saved!</a>
i love this dvd set so much its brings a lot of childhood memories back in fact to be honest i cried a little bit at the end hearing the closeing song i hope they put out the season on dvd and other shows allthat,rocko morden life,doug,ect cause i would buy those in a f**kin flash
Funny movie with a new outlook to the restaurant business.  Makes you think what really goes on in the back.
The backyardigans are great!!  We love all of them!!
This is definetley my favorite show and although I am disapointed to hear that they are dramatically changing certain characters roles, I am still excited for a second season.  It has everything to be a great show.  There is mystery that keeps you on the edge of your seat, a little bit of romance with Veronica and her lovers, a lot of shocking cliff hangers, definite humor and even some tear jerkers.  It is such an amazing show that i got hooked on real quick. I can't wait to get it on DVD!! If this show seems the least bit intreuging to you, i seriously encourage you to buy the first season when it comes out because i know you will be hooked like me.  Then watch the second season!! It is SUCH a wonderful show.. watch it!! :)
This is a B- grade boot in terms of video and a B for sound. But the performance is so great you don't care after getting sucked into it. In contrast to the reviewer below, I found it very watchable.
It is a great movie, and Johnny Depp plays it best with his sarcasm.
THIS WAS ONE OF THE TRULY GREAT MOVIES OF OUR TIME. IT WAS VERY WELL DIRECTED AND THE CAST WAS FANTASTIC... IN BLU RAY IT IS AMAZING
When I tried to load the disks they say "your player firmware needs updating". What???? I've not had problems with any other blu-ray disk I've bought. So I updated the firmware to the latest version and now the screen freezes at the opening menu. Fox seriously needs to think again about whatever they have done to protect these disks. My advice is to stay away from this boxed set.
So, the reviews on this movie haven't been so great.  I thought the dialog was strange throughout most of the movie.  It wasn't necessarily that the acting was bad. However, with Reese Witherspoon's character it seemed like her dialog was unnatural & contrived.  Without a question, Paul Rudd makes this movie shine.  He is hilarious, and Jack Nicholson did a great job as well.  I laughed throughout the movie and was generally entertained.  The ugly is the ending.  I think the writers created this complex storyline that left the viewer wondering how on earth this could end well.  You know you've watched those movies where every possible scenario ends with one of the "good guys" getting hurt or something bad happening, but then something unexpected happens & everything ends well.  With a romantic comedy you expect a happy ending.  So throughout the movie I couldn't understand how this was going to end.  Well, it seems as if the writers got lazy and did the, "we're just gonna end the movie here and let the viewer decide how it ends."  Sometimes that works well for other genres, but it does not work well with romantic comedies.  It really seems like the writers didn't know how to make it end, so they just left a vague ending.  That was the major disappointment.  So the movie wasn't terrible.  It was good for a few laughs, but nothing earth shattering.  This is probably a movie that I'll forget I've watched a year from now.
That night, penetrating deep into the heart of Transylvania, Professor Abronsius was unaware that he was on the point of reaching the goal of his mysterious investigations. In the course of which he had journeyed throughout Central Europe for years accompanied by his one and only faithful disciple, Alfred. A scholar and scientist whose genius was unappreciated, Abronsius had given up all to devote himself body and soul to what was to him a sacred mission. He had even lost his chair at K&ouml;nigsberg University, where for a long time his colleagues used to refer to him as "The Nut".  And thus the comedic romp begins...
Excellent story and excellent remake onto blu-ray. I wish other books of this series had been made into movies of high caliber.
If you've seen the 1997 sci-fi hit "Independence Day", then for all practical purposes you've seen this movie too.  The only real difference is that instead of a bunch of ticked-off aliens, the threat of human extinction comes from a ticked-off "Mother Nature".  In the former, however, it was all about "us versus them" and the triumph of the human will to survive.  In "Day After Tomorrow", the message is:  "We have met the enemy, and they are the Republicans." Yeah, the movie is about the epic struggle to survive in the face of an overwhelming natural catastrophe, but it's pretty obvious that the producers were less interested in telling a story and more concerned about sending an election-year political message.  From the early scenes of the movie, the "hero" character (a very forgettable paleoclimatologist played by Dennis Quaid) serves as the "voice crying in the wilderness" against the environmentally unsound excesses of corporate America.  He warns of the doomsday scenario which does in fact unfold throughout the movie, but the heavily stereotyped conservative politicians (who are, no doubt, in the pockets of the polluters) shrug off his warnings.  Maybe it's just me, but I thought the "vice president" character looked uncannily like Dick Cheney.  Coincidence?  I don't think so, but feel free to decide for yourself. The main story is about a dysfunctional family whose members find themselves separated by the unpredictable (yet somehow predicted) chain of natural events.  Of course, the events aren't really natural -- they're caused by foolish and greedy men who fail to pay attention to the needs of Mother Earth.  Somehow, against incredible odds, the family manages to reunite, save the human race, and resolve their own domestic issues all at the same time.  And of course, the tale is duly concluded with the humiliation of America and its (implied Republican) leaders, as well as some cheap jabs at American immigration policy. In short, this is enviro-hysteria at its cheesy best, but election year political propaganda at its worst.  There isn't even a mild attempt to veil the message -- it's right there in your face.  If you're a Bush-hater, you'll cheer.  If you're a little more honest with yourself, you'll see this film for the cheap trash that it is.  The ONLY reason I gave it a second star was because it was chock full of stunning visual effects from beginning to end.  Beyond that, your enjoyment of this movie will stand in direct relation to your political affiliation.  That's no way to make a movie.
This is a well made film which covers the life of George Reeves in Hollywood up to and shortly after his death.  George Reeves was the original Superman on television and a hero to many.  This film casts him in quite the unflattering light.  He is a kept man by and older married woman, he seems egotistical and quite the drinker.  There is also a dark side of him that seems to border on depression , especially later in life when he could not find work after superman ends.  The movie centers on a sleazy private investigator who is digging for dirt on Reeves suicide, which many to this day believe was murder.  While doing his investigating, we are treated to flashbacks of Reeve's life.  A good acting job by all those involved, including Affleck for all of you who can't stand him.  The story does leaves you a bit unfullfilled however, as it doesn't ever say if he was murdered or died at his own hand.  It simply gives you the possibilities.  Well made film, but just not something I will rave about.
I was not heavy metal fan, but I just love this DVD and it made me cry. I realized that they have talent and really good songs. I recommend this DVD to all my friends.
I did not know much about Frida Kahlo, so I decided to watch this movie.  I did not have much of an opinion of her; her body or work was okay, she wore long, traditional Mexican dresses and she had been married to Diego Rivera.  The movie did a good job of depicting her story in a way I could understand.  Now when I think of her artwork I know to look a little deeper and can better interpret her emotions.  The miscarriage explains a lot.  It is also interesting to see the development of political ideas and the passion that comes with it.  The exposure to another culture in helpful, in this ever smaller world we live in.
I saw the movie a number of years ago and liked it. Wanted a copy for my "library". This is good WWII action film.
I HAD SEEN THE ORIGINAL YEAR AGO, AND BY FAR THE ORINGINAL IS THE BEST.  THE SPECIAL EFFECT IN THE REAMKE ARE VERY WELL DONE.  THE ORIGINAL IS SCARIER AND BETTER.  THE ACTORS IN THE ORIGINAL DO A BETTER JOB OF LEADING YOU INTO THE PLOT.
i am a sucker for romantic comedy.  this is one of my favorite romantic comedies.  this is a good movie!  it's a must see!
Emotional and imaginative -that's how the final entry in the enormously popular Toys  trilogy is described in Netflix, and I can't agree more. Who would have thought that one of the very best and most exciting films of the 2010 in the genres action adventure / thriller perfectly and brilliantly mixed with the comedy and touching drama would unfold in the playroom of the regular Anywhere, US suburban kindergarten. Who would have imagined that the bravest, most resourceful, loving, loyal, and lovable  heroes of this adventure will be plastic and metal toys?  How often does it happen that not even the first but the second sequel in the popular series will surpass two excellent predecessors on all counts and become a rare film, that would make  even the most ironic and sarcastic male critics who could tear any movie to pieces with their harsh criticism  shed a tear and not be shy to admit it?  A very smart person said once: "You need to write for  children like you would for adults,  but even better." Toy Story, Part 3 is  Toy Story, Part 3 is drawn,  programmed, staged, CGIed  and acted  with such brilliance, talent and joy that every viewer, regardless of age becomes a child and is immersed in an extraordinary world of adventure, where one for all and all for one.  By the end of this adventure, the viewers are  left with very special and touching emotions, and realize that they experienced one of the most beautiful and realistic movies about growing up, moving on, and saying goodbye.  Bravo Disney, bravo Pixar, bravo American cinema!
Have seen the movie twice in the past and read the book twice. I absolutely love this movie. It has a story, is entertaining, and the characters are most interesting, especially the transvestite. Having visited Savannah, I had the opportunity to pass by the house where this story took place. I will watch this movie again.
I knew what I was getting when I ordered this.  When I was in high school in the late 70's, this concert was shown on Night Flight or Midnight Special (can't remember which).  Being a Rod Stewart fan, I recorded it on tape (Beta, VHS...don't recall).  I watched it over and over.  Yes, the quality of this DVD is poor.  It's grainy and the video skips (not the DVD itself, but the video it came from).  But for me, it was worth the $12 if only for the nostalgia. Rod and Ronnie are one of the great pairs of rock performers, up there with Page and Plant, Brian and Freddie, Keith and Mick.  You will be disappointed if you expect a high quality video and a lot of Faces songs.  But if you like Rod and Ronnie, and can get past the poor quality, this is pretty entertaining.
Hostel is a watchable film about two American backpackers who head to a hostel in a European country where they have been promised lots of sex and drugs. It is a setup and they inevitably end up in a torture chamber.  This is where the film includes very intense images and is not for the faint hearted.  However, Hostel is quite unrealistic whereas a film like "Wolf Creek" is actually based on true events of missing backpackers, so the scenes of torture are incredibly disturbing and much more believable than those depicted in Hostel.  One reviewer on another site said that the good thing about the film is seeing Americans get what they deserve for their over-confidence and the way they think they are so much better than any other nation.  Well, that is one persons' opinion ... but it was kind of fun to see some American teenagers getting their just desserts after all those ridiculous teenage road movies which are nothing but degradation of women.  Hostel is worth a rent, but not sure if it is worth owning on DVD.  Overall, I recommend people watching Wolf Creek over this teenage romp.
I'm a little surprised at how many people seem to be missing some fundamental points about this movie. First: It's a movie set in the early 1970s. It's NOT set in the world of today. If you weren't around back then, you're just going to have to trust what you see. I grew up then as did a number of people who have seen the movie with me. That's exactly how we remember it being. The world was a very different place back then Second: There was not the "all good" feeling towards music back then that there is today. You listened to a particular style of music, and that was that. You didn't listen to anything else (not publicly, at least), and you got in fights defending your favorite band. That was life. Interestingly KISS was one of the first bands of the 70s to crossover to another genre (hence the comments in the car about KISS never making a disco album, that was a joke). Religious groups were lobbying hard to get KISS banned. The stuff with Marilyn Manson today is a joke by comparison. Bands like MM are directly descended from KISS, and the acceptance that they get (along with the self-promotional negative publicity) was won by hard-fought battles from the likes of KISS. Again, it was a different world back then. Third: This movie is NOT, repeat NOT, a realistic portrayal of events as they happened on that night. It is a glorified *remembrence* of events as told to other people... It's sitting around behind the gym smoking cigarettes embellishing stories to the kids who couldn't make it to the show...
All things considered this was a good movie. When watching any movie, you have to have imagination, and if you don't have that, why watch any movie. This movie was fun as it goes back and forth with the story. I have seen it twice over the years, and have enjoyed it both times.
It's a cute family movie. It's gets predictable in places but still a good message for young viewers. I like this movie and it's a good family night movie for family's with young children.
It is about a ballerina, but about so much more. A triller. A drama. A touch of the unforbidden. A touch of a troubled upbringing. I have watched this and have discussed this movie with others and we all found is so captivating in many ways - but it would not be for all. I usually let my daugher watch almost anything, I am quite liberal, but would not let this one get through - no way!! But for a mature audience, slightly aged, great. Non dancers and non ballet fans will also enjoy this. It is simply a captivating movie.
This movie was good and had its laughable moments.  The movie itself is not super gory but the book on the other hand is not at all laughable and down right gory at times.  If you want a good campy horror movie then see  the film but if it is more horror and gore that you want then read the  book.
I wasn't really sure when I clicked "buy" that I would actually enjoy this movie. In the end, I found it an enjoyable way to spend the evening.
Sam is such a fantastic actor there is no other like him out there today.  Really enjoyed the set I bought and am saving for the next lot.  Again Amazon service perfect and delivery really quick.
Up until the end of this turbo-feuled film I was wondering who was going to make it, who was going to get whom!?!  The story of a bad cop with little time left and what he finds he is capable of made me wonder to what lengths a human being will go to validate his life choices before dying.  Mario Van Peebles gives his best performance since New Jack City in this intense triangle tale of a man, his ex-partner and his beautiful girlfriend (a stunning and revealing Nicolette Sheridan)and survival of the fittest.  A must see (especially since Sheridan has a lot to show off... fast forward to the love scene!).
Anger Management? Yea thats what your gonna need after seeing this movie. Its about 2 hours of pure Adam Sandler nice sugary goodness. Why does Sandler feel the need to show us he is a good boy in every movie? And Jack Nicholson...whhaat happened to this man?? He was once in great movies like The Shining and One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest. Though I do admit he is the high point of this movie. He give an acting role similar to Cuckoos Nest but with such bad acting on Adam Sandler's part it is watered down. Adam plays a nice guy (yea he does this yet again) who "harrasses" a flight attendent and has to go through Anger Managment. He then goes on do commit such acts as to fight a blind man and break and womans nose and has to get full time anger management. Other things happen that usually happen in an Adam Sandler movie and the plot is quite predictable. I just want to know why Adam Sandler ever since The Wedding Singer has felt the urge to play roles where he is a good guy. What happened to the funny voices and great movies like Happy Gilmore and Billy Madison. The past three movies Sandler has put out: Little Nicky, Mr. Deeds, and Anger Management have all had Adam playing good Mr. Nice Guy roles. He realy needs to get out of this because not even Jack Nicholson can save him now.
Excellent film great acting. Not overdone, somewhat realistic except for the ending. We care about the characters. Thats why we watch movies.
I rented the dvd from Netflick and came straight to Amazon.com to buy a copy for my Southern Gothic collection. SKELETON KEY is a richly layored story that keeps you guessing till the end.  BUT this is a great DVD!! Kate Hudson recounts a ghost that was in their London house when she was a child and Goldie was filming there. John Hurt reads a slave memory. Gene Rowlands shares a love spell (dang, plan to try it!). Then there are the documentaries on plantation life, the blues, voodoo/hoodoo, etc.  This is a must have for those who love Southern Culture.
Carrie 2:The Rage is awesome. Good special efects and great stars.
Is Phil Roth the next James Cameron? Probably not, but I had fun watching this DVD. If you listen to the alternate audio track, you'll discover why the gratuitous fight takes place in the opening scene. Other than that, this story is much more a thinking man's action flick than a plain B-grade shoot 'em up. All things considered, a very decent effort by all.
This never actually caught my attention at first, but with the results of modern horrors now-a-days,(The Grudge and The Ring 2) you never know what to expect. It never actually seemed like a true horror but more like a supernatural thriller, which came to mind that this could be more promising than those worthless horrors.  Based on a man named Jonathan Rivers(Michael Keaton) whos wife dies in a  car accident. Upon this tragic event, Jonathan grieves for his wife and sooner hears of a man who claims that his wife has made contact with him from the after-life through EVP(Electronic Voice Phenomenon). Eventually after Keatons communications with his dead wife he begins to believe that these communications are some sort of warnings from his wife, which brings this EVP more of an obsession to him.  The first thing that really caught my attention is when Keaton receives a phone call realising that it is coming from the phone of his dead wife. There wasnt anything actually scary about it but in terms of something chilling or spooky, it wasnt a bad attempt. The most interesting thing from the film was the events of EVP. It has a good deal of a chilling atmosphere within the unclear sounds and video recordings. Although this was only a success through the first half of the film.  When it comes to horrors, its what we do not see that scares us. Less is more is the phrase. This is where White Noise started to go a little down hill. The EVP sounds and video recordings began to reveal themselves to clearly letting the viewers know exactly what is being said or shown on screen. Although, some of the instant jump frights worked well in this movie. But the ending is a bit of a let-down, adding more with CGI, making even ghost images more solid. Sure it has its surprises, but it wasn't enough to make the ending feel more intense.  Above all this, Keaton does give us a great performance throughout the film that kind of makes up for some of its flaws. Overall, it starts off decently but eventually goes a little downhill. Good, but nothing special.
I am a tail-end boomer who first saw this movie in the early '90's and thought it captured a particular place and time perfectly.  The dark creepy undertow of the '70's singles bar came back to me - and believe me, I was not nearly as "adventureous" as the Diane Keaton character..  Besides the terrifying ending, another scene stayed with me for days- the one in which Keaton's nice guy boyfriend pulls out the condom and she cruelly makes fun of him.  Yeah, condoms really were funny in the late '70's, weren't they?  As uncool and dorky in '78 as Brylcream and Rudy Valee.  They sure made a big comeback through.
I honestly thought I owed it to myself to see this movie, given the (nearly) unanimous high ratings it received in this venue and elsewhere. I needed to find out what all the hype was about. What a terrible disappointment. I actually saw this film a couple of years ago, so much of the detail of the film has blissfully receded into the recesses of my memory. Unfortunately, what remains is the revulsion I felt when it was over. I do not pretend to be a student of filmmaking, but as another reviewer has stated here, "I know what I like and I know what I don't like." This, I definitely didn't like. I found this film to be nothing more than an overlong vehicle for violence and profanity in the extreme. It's not that I morally object to bloodshed and profanity in the context of a movie if there is a point to it and if, at the end of the day, the movie entertains. This film didn't. Someone here said that one needs to see this movie at least twice to appreciate it. It took a tremendous act of will on my part to see it through to the end the first time around (always hoping until the credits appeared that something, ANYTHING, would happen that would make me feel the time was well spent-nothing did). I can't bear the thought of watching it again in the hope that I will finally see a point to anything this film had to offer. Although I'm obviously in the minority here, I'm afraid this is one flick I'll force myself to stay away from, no matter what other critics think. My recommendation is that you do the same.
"BOOM!!" Under fire from Thelma and Louise's guns, the tongue-wagging truck-driver's pride and joy (and extension of his manhood) goes up in flames. Incredulous, its owner stares at the spectacle and lets off a pitifully helpless and, in its helplessness, hilariously comical tirade against the two female outlaws; whose only reason not to shoot him, too, at this point is that it is so utterly more poignant to let him sit all alone by the road side in the vastness of the Southwest, robbed of all attributes of male potency and left to the pity of whoever is eventually going to pick him up and give him a ride back to civilization.  By the time of this incident, Thelma has mutated from a subdued and insecure housewife to a self-assured, fearless queen of the highway. ("Something has crossed over" in her, she tells Louise shortly before their final encounter with their truck-driving nemesis.) Louise in turn, who had taken the lead early on in their flight from the police, has overcome her intermittent bout of despair and is back to her old self, too. Now wanted not only for questioning in connection with the death of the rapist shot by Louise but also for armed robbery in another state, knowing that being questioned by the police will inevitably add a charge of murder for the incident which set off their run (and probably also knowing deep down inside that there is not going to be a happy ending to their weekend trip anyway), Thelma and Louise have stopped to care what is going to happen next. Thus emboldened, they make a last great run for it, which ultimately leads them to the vast, endlessly deep gorges of the Grand Canyon.  "Thelma and Louise" is all and none of the things as which it has been described. It is about the friendship between two women, about female independence and male sexism, but it is neither a simple "chick flick" nor a monument to feminism (although I have to admit that watching it can have an almost therapeutic effect when you've just about "had it" again with the male slightly-less-than-half of society). Most of the men that Thelma and Louise encounter are two-dimensional cartoon characters, but "Reservoir Dogs" and perpetual tough guys Harvey Keitel and Michael Madsen (of all people) are cast against stereotype. The movie also features some absolutely stunning pictures of the Southwestern scenery and mostly takes place on the road, but it is not just a "road movie" (feminist or otherwise). More than anything, this is a movie about the things that shape the way we are, and about the consequences of our actions. Had Thelma learned to use her brain before and not after their encounter with Harlan the rapist, she would have seen him for what he was and avoided him from the start. Had Louise not been raped herself, she would probably not have shot Harlan at being provoked by him, after the self-defense situation was already over. Impulse? Fate? Justifiable homicide? Hardly. Thoroughly understandable? Absolutely, at least from a woman's point of view.  It takes two extraordinary lead actresses to carry the movie's theme, and Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis are the perfect embodiment of the characters they portray. Next to them, not even Keitel and Madsen really shine (although this may be in part due to the thankless parts they play); only Brad Pitt, in the role that made him an overnight star, briefly gets to sparkle. Callie Khourie was a deserving winner of the 1991 Academy Award and Golden Globe for Best Original Screenplay, and both Sarandon and Davis would have been equally deserving of the Best Leading Actress awards. So would have Ridley Scott for Directing, Adrian Biddle for Cinematography, Thom Noble for Editing and the movie itself, for Best Drama -- in a year that produced many extraordinary films, it might have been more just to split some of the awards among several contenders, and despite the strong competition ("Bugsy," "Silence of the Lambs," "Prince of Tides," "The Fisher King," "Grand Canyon" and "Fried Green Tomatoes," to name just a few), it seems sadly underrated for a movie that has long since become a cult classic to only have won one of the awards it was nominated for, both on Oscar Night and at the Golden Globes.  Also recommended: <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/6305212112">Fried Green Tomatoes (Widescreen Collector's Edition)</a> <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00000K0DQ">Dead Man Walking</a>
I saw a preview for this movie and it looked good. It had elements of the movies The Mist and Intruder. However, this film pales in comparsion to those movies. A military group comes into a store because they suspect one of them is an alien. It sounds good but the acting was plain bad. Not as good as it looks and would stay away from this trash.
Rarely have I every laughed out loud during a TV show, but Arrested development is that good.  If you watched it once and didn't like it, you have to give it another try and get use to the style and tone of this comedy.  It's a character show more than just a bunch of jokes and you need to learn these characters and what they are all about.  I tuned in for David Cross and Jeffery "hey now" Tambor, but the entire cast is awesome.  Will Arnet is the funniest guy to come along on a tv show in a long time (GOB).  Commit to the entire first season and you'll be hooked!
don't waist your money on this one. this move has good story behind the very bad acting.
Rented as a "chic flick" and it was but also a decent, if not a little odd, story. Not sure I would have been happy to spend theater ticket money on this but as a DVD rental it was ok. And it is a chic flick and could even be a date movie, maybe.
This is a true gem of a story about love and family. Richard Dreyfuss, Holly Hunter and Danny Aiello should have all been nominated for oscar's for their incredible performances in this quiet masterpeice. If you don't shed a tear and feel better about your life after watching this film. You are missing emotion. What surprises me is why this has never gotten released on DVD yet! Buy It! Rent It! Watch it! and "Fly To The Moon"!
See this? This...IS THE FUNNIEST FILM I HAVE EVER SEEN!  Ol' Bruce is supberb in this film, which is a nice welcome due to the seriousness of the last two. I recommend this film to anybody who wants a quick laugh. GROOVY.
I have been waiting for this for ever YOU WILL BUY THIS DVD.  man POINT! ZORT! TROZ!
i originally was going to return it but it was so neat i kept it.
Our Man Flint is the best of the American wannabe Bond spinoffs to hit the big screen in the wake of Thunderball's phenomenal box-office success. Unlike the all-but-unwatchable Matt Helm films or the myriad of one-off Fathoms and Modesty Blaise's or the Le Carre and Deighton anti-Bonds, it manages to embrace the absurdity but knows enough to play it straight for maximum effect. James Coburn's playboy adventurer Derek Flint shares Bond's ability to master anything he turns his hand to, but his is an almost throwaway expertise - when a bewildered Lee J. Cobb asks "You went all the way to Moscow just to watch a ballet?", he replies "No, to teach." as if it were the most natural and mundane thing in the world. The humor is often anarchic (an anti-American eagle or Benson Fong playing a Dr Steiner) and anti-establishment, at times much more of an influence on Austin Powers than the 007s, and it beats Bond to the hollowed out volcano lair by two years (the President's phone tone also turns up in Hudson Hawk while the weather-altering plotline was also used for The Avengers movie, but we'll skip over them). Edward Mulhare has fun as an old school tie-and-blazer combination villain called Rodney, there are some extremely good action scenes in finale, including that old 20th Century Fox favorite, a high dive into the lake on the Fox ranch (see also Jesse James, Planet of the Apes, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid among others), and Jerry Goldsmith contributes a terrific score that is every bit as versatile as Flint himself.  With nothing other than trailers in the  way of  extras  on this single disc  edition, you're best off picking  up the Ultimate  Flint  three-disc collection instead.
I gotta say this but i love this movie and i have been looking forward for the extended cut for a looong time. Wich will give us more! For example we see Helen and Enola standing atop of a cliff watching the Mariner leave before the films end credits. As they are standing there they uncover a plaque which tells us that they are at the peak of Mt. Everest.  It would be nice to see this on Blu-ray as well, there is a Hd-dvd version (the original cut) and it  looks great on a big screen.  Regards --Nick
Hello folks.  I persoanlly think this is the best video game movie ever made. not that many video game movies even come close with the exception of final fantasy VII advent children.  I saw this movie in theaters back in 1995 , when I was only 9 years old. this was also during the year of Mortal Kombat 3.  the thing that made me happy was that my all time favorite kombatant , Rayden , was played very well by Christopher Lambert. rumor has it that he might return in the upcoming 2010 Mortal Kombat Movie. which would rock if that happends because Christopher Lambert is perfect for the role.  Robin Shou as Liu Kang was in deed convincing. although in the next movie it wasnt.  it was infact that this movie was inspired by notjust the 1st mortal kombat game , but the second as well. remember near the end when they go to outworld , that was in Mortal Kombat II. same as Sonya being chained up.  the one and only problem I have with this movie is that reptile had bugs for blood or something. I didnt really get that part at all. why did reptile have bugs for blood? can anyone explain it to me?  but still , I give it 5 stars. just because it brings back good memoires and still rocks to this very day.  Mortal kombat the first movie still stands as the all time greatest video game movie ever made.
At home, watching this movie is more of a Thanksgiving tradition than turkey and stuffing. Candy and Martin are outstanding in this film. I must have seen in at least a dozen times, and I find new subtleties every time I  watch it. It's got a perfect blend of slapstick and wit, and a fairly  cheesy "buddy" plot that holds it all together. You must get  this movie... I can't wait for the DVD release!
Most of the zombie films ive seen are at least decent. Night of the living Dead, Dawn of the Dead and I suppose Day of the Dead is ok. And as I have seen this title City of the Living Dead I was automatically interested. I guess its right not to judge a book by its cover or,in this case, a film by its title.  At the first ten minutes it doesnt really show much. But when it actually gets into the story, it really shows just how bad a horror film can be. This guy looks at a girl. Oh no her eyes start to bleed, oh wait theres more. White stuff pours from her eyes. But not over yet. Her brain starts oozing from her head. The undead have risen from the grave but instead of zombie flesh eating, they burst peoples heads like spunges with brain oozing from them.  Jesus, what the hell did the film makers think they were doing? Did they actually think this was going to be a classic? This is just plain old stupid. According to blood and gore, I have seen plenty of gut-wrenching horrors. But at least they have their limits. TV is a source of entertainment, not a god dam chore. This is an absolute joke.
I consider myself a true Star trek fan. I have followed to evolution of the series ever since i started to watch television (about 25 years ago). I always have seen it as more than an entertaining show but as a way of projecting my mind into the imagination. I have found this in every episode, some more than others. Even Insurrection is very exciting although poor in some aspects. But Nemesis is the worst possible contribution to the whole experience. As a Star Trek fan I can't help but watching it over and over again, and to look for something that will change my mind but I always come back to the conclusion that it is the most stupid story of all. There is no subplot, unless you consider B-4 a new story. The Picard revealing of his innerself is so weak and boring that I feel regret of ever admiring the man. There are so many plot sequences that are completly irrelevant that slows the story and action sequences that are plain dumb. I give it a second star because of the visual effects but I would prefer Star Trek V anytime. About the DVD edition, you can enjoy more the plot after watching the deleted scenes, especially about the Reman and Romulan alliance and their plans. But the audio commantary is only informative in a technical level and it doesn't enhance your perception at all about the story. And the interviews are too positive and fake. Nemesis ultimatly kills TNG and dosen't give me any hope about new Star Trek devellopments. It seems that Star Trek has become a buraucratic empire who doesn't offer more than American Junk culture and is out there just to try to compete with those horrible new Star Wars movies and to make a few bucks. I wonder what happened to Ronald D. Moore, Michael Piller, Branon Braga and those who brought an ounce of vision to Star Trek.
No more combo packs.  I wish manufacturers would give buyers the option to buy the Blu-ray only!  My God I'm sick of purchasing 2 or more discs that I'll never use just to own a movie on Blu-Ray.
Green Ray {PERFECT} Picture 1080P & Sound DTS HD {5 STAR's} ***** REFERENCE Quality Picture & The DTS HD WILL Knock Wall Paper off WaLL's, Enough Said !. Even Now I can FeeL it, Buried Somewhere Deep Inside, Watching me, Waiting, But you Know What Scares me the Most, When I can't Fight it Anymore, When it Takes Over, When I TotaLLy Lose ControL, {I LIKE IT !}  Bruce Banner
The film is a brilliant effort by Brian Sloan: rarely has there been such a mixture between over-the-top fun, and reality. It pits you in a quasi real world of the characters, all played brilliantly by the cast.  Especially worth noting is Tuc Watkins: his efforts were universally  praised. For those who can't afford the rental price of the video should  probably try and purchase the British DVD version of the film (Region 2).
What more can you say.. the best of the best...  Indy 4 baby!
I know everyone will not like this movie. I loved it . I just like this kind of thing. It may turn into a sort of cult film one day .
Right away...from the opening sequence of this classic film...you'll know that you are in for a real treat with the BluRay version.  Even if you've seen this movie hundreds of times, this version of the film will amaze you.  The mountain, the blades of grass, the reflection on the stream - everything - are absolutely and perfectly crystal clear.  It is amazing, and carries through the rest of the film with the same power.  It literally blew me away, and convinced me of the power of BluRay in the presentation of classic films in a new and wonderful way.  Though I do not purchase many BluRay movies, I can honestly say this one is worth having in the collection.  It makes the masterpiece even more masterful.  Highly recommended!
So what's wrong with loving this "chick flick" (or any chick flick for that matter)? Very little bad language, no violence, no one gets hurt (except those who deserve it), and the guy gets the girl! A couple of hours of delightful, sometimes hilarious entertainment, and well worth the price of admission or price of the tape.  I bought it to add to my collection of rainy-day tapes, and there really aren't many movies I'll consider buying to have on hand rather than just renting from Blockbuster. Hugh Grant plays William Thacker, the owner of a travel bookstore in the Notting Hill section of London. Julia Roberts plays Anna Scott, world-famous actress. Their improbable meeting when he bumped into her on Portobello Road and spilled orange juice all over her shirt is just the first of the amusing, though contrived antics that are sprinkled throughout the movie.  The character actors are nothing short of hysterical. William's incredibly offensive, but harmless roommate Spike (Rhys Ifans) is the most memorable. But there are others, including William's sister and hapless friends, and the brief cameo role of Anna's American boyfriend played by Alec Baldwin.  The soundtrack, peppered with popular songs including Elvis Costello's "She", also adds to the charm of this movie.
This second installment in the immensely popular series once again delivers a world of fantastic magical proportions.  Most of the members of the original movie are back and once again director Chris Columbus weaves a tale of sorcery and danger for our young heroes.  Notable new faces include a bombastic Kenneth Branagh and a nasty Jason Isaacs.  With gorgeous sets, costumes and neat special effects, this movie should entertain all, even those of us who aren't Harry Potterphiles.  Good moviemaking, though
I saw this movie a couple of times, and like other reviewers I didn't get it. I've loved and loathed Coen Brothers movies. Thought Fargo was overhyped. Loved The Big Lebowski and O Brother Where Art Thou. The mere thought of The Hudsucker Proxy makes me happy. You couldn't pay me to watch Blood Simple or The Man Who Wasn't There again. This movie tore me. The first and second time I watched it I realized that I had a bias. If I don't like the character be portrayed, I usually don't like the movie. The main question arises in "why would I want to be trapped in a movie/book/play with this annoying creep for the time it takes to watch or read?" And I despised John Turturro's Barton Fink. He's a whiny, clueless jackass and it's only the ending that I liked. Then I realized that John Goodman is the hero of the movie. The "everyman" that can't stand the artistic pretentions of the artist, while admiring the art nonetheless. Barton Fink goes on about wanting to write movies for the everyman, but he won't even listen to John Goodman when Goodman mentions having some stories. Through Goodman, Turturro loses everything and at the end instead of the tragic hero that I conceived, Barton Fink comes out as a whiny little creep, barely humbled by the experience. But it's enough humbling for a laugh. So watch it with Goodman in mind as the hero. And realize tht Turturro is supposed to be a pretentious dweeb and laugh at him all you'd like. Then you'll enjoy the movie.
I have attempted to play this movie several times on my Pioneer BDP-95FD and it will NOT work. The software for the player is current so I know that's not the issue. After several minutes of loading, I hit play and the screen displays a strange white image. Very unhappy with this product.
What A Fun Classic Show... Terrific Cast, Great Guest Stars And Well Written!!!The Dvds Are Very Good...Clean, Good Color & Sound & Wonderful Extras!!! I Am Looking Forward To Future Seasons!!!
This is a funny movie. Martin is a good actor. He can play any one and make a hit. You must give this movie a chance.
The rating I give here in purely arbitrary.  This is not really a review since I haven't had the opportunity to see this DVD set, but...where were John & Paul while this great gathering of musicians was taking place???  I do not mean to belittle either man here; I love both men in my own way.  Their gift of music to our culture is timeless.  Perhaps they felt they had done enough for world peace, I don't know.  But at this time, it seems to me they were mainly squabbling amongst each other in their solo efforts, trying to outdo the other and make more money for themselves, whilst George put his neck on the line to try to make a genuine difference in the world.  Can you imagine if ALL 4 BEATLES were gathered on stage for such a concert???  The proceeds could easily have turned Bangladesh into Las Vegas after just one show....and maybe wiped out hunger worldwide.  Like John said...IMAGINE!!!
Why Yellow Submarine is out of print is anyones guess. Can you say AL BRODAX? It's not particularly entertaining but my seven year old son loves it and best yet is that he learned several Beatle songs from it. Besides, the trailer is worth the asking price. The 5.1 mix is very good as is the film transfer. Go ahead and buy it already. You know you want to.
I was disappointed with this movie.  Having viewed the previous offerings... I was hoping for the same or better  Sure there was lots of Tom Cruise adrenaline-pumping action... but the story line  and plot were somewhat disappointing.  Lets hope somebody can dream up a better script next time...  Its not like I want to get rid of the movie... it's not that bad.  but compared to earlier MI offerings it seemed a bit lame
Not a politican, not a diplomat, Patton was an officer before everything else. The film depicts this strutting character at the height of glory and his lowest ignominy during World War II. George C. Scott's performance is masterful, very much his best work.
It is a 38 minutes short video tape including scenes that can not be on regular TV because have frequent "F, B words", and brief nudity: fuzzy around "without pants" old male, topless women. It was nice to appreciate the strange and peculiar risks that law enforcing officers must face: on the loose cows, chicken, spitting, ugly dentures, those forced me to give it two stras, not one. Honestly, was nothing worth wasting 38 minutes.
A Western starring Tom Selleck.  A very good story line with intense action.  My husband and I both enjoyed this movie.  Tom Selleck makes a great western hero.
I'm glad I bought this, I love Archer so much and this was a good season not to mention the price is good considering the amount of entertainment
What can I say.  I am a Kevin Smith fan, so of course I was going to like Clerks II.  If your a Kevin Smith fan, you already own Clerks II.  If your not a Kevin Smith fan, I would suggest starting off with Clerks I, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy.
The movie Solomon showed up on time and in like new condition!!  It is a good movie although I think they spent too much time on Queen Sheba(I wanted to see more of his supposedly 700 wives).  I will definitely keep Solomon in my collection of bible movies.
Great movie.  I didn't know the history and that this was an "unofficial" Bond movie.  The extras did a good job of explaining it and the movie is great.
what a cracker jack of a film TRUE ROMANCE is. its directed by tony scott but the script is clearly quentin tarantino. i understand that it is part of a trilogy that includes RESORVOIR DOGS and PULP FICTION. it was "fiction" that got the raves the other 2 films were for some reason not anywhere as popular especially this one that i think is better than the others. christian slater plays a down and out drifter who beleives he meetes the ghost of elvis presley who guides him and gives him advise. he meets him in the bathroom when hes alone. hes a fan of kung fu movies and while sitting in a movie theatre one night he meets patricia arquette . they get together and she later admits he was set up by his boss. shes really a call girl sent there as a birthday gift for him. the couple however do fall deep in love and they marry. he wants to go to see her ex pimp ( an incredible acting performance by gary oldman who thinks hes black) who treated her badly and tell him  shes not coming back. it gets nasty. he returns with what he beleives is her suitcase of clothes but when he gets back he discovers he has a full suitcase of uncut cocaine worth millions. the mob who controlled the pimp and the gang he belongs too goes after them. the couple hight tail it to L.A. thinking theyre clear. what follows is one hell of an action packed sometimes funny , sometimes bloody but never boring incredibly acted, superbly directed from one of the best scripts ever written film youll ever want to see. what film can boast DENNIS HOPPER,CHRISTIAN SLATER,GARY OLDMAN,VAL KILMER ,CHRISTOPHER WALKEN, BRAD PITT,SAMUEL JACKSON,JAMES GANDOLFINI and BRONSON PINCHOT? the scene where dennis hopper tells christopher walken ( a scicilian mafia king) that sicilians are really niggers" is unforgettable and laugh out loud funny. the scene between patricia arquette and james gandolfini ( who since had become famous for the sopranos) will have you cringing and squirming. eventually the movie rolls to a crackling climax with a sting operation where everything breaks loose. sometimes hilarious ,often bloody part allegory ( does slater really see elvis?) every inch of this wonderfull film is a joy to watch. wonder what else tom scott has done?
Linklater did an excellent job of capturing realistic people who talk realistically about life. Delpy is captivating and carries the movie.
who in the world decided david caruso was a good actor?  i've never before watched such a cardboard, two dimentional, boring portrayal of a charactor in my life.
I bought this set of DVD'S for my husband for Christmas and they were one of his favorite gifts. Good quality product.
If this film can claim nothing else, it's assuredly the most violent circus movie ever. And it's one of the best films I've seen so far this year. It's definitely not for all tastes; you'll need a high tolerance for over-the-top, operatic storytelling and extreme imagery, but it's definitely a masterpiece of visual imagination.  The director is Alex de la Iglesia, who I'm completely unfamiliar with. His directing style is reminiscent of Jean-Pierre Jeunet's (Micmacs, Amelie), both men filling their films with outlandish and striking images, and characters who are as odd and eccentric as the visuals.  The Last Circus begins in Madrid in 1937 in the early stages of the Spanish Civil War. A Republican Army officer pressgangs all the men in a circus troupe to fight against the fascist Nationalists, and in the ensuing battle a circus clown is captured. He and other prisoners are put to work after the war building an enormous monument to the Nationalist war dead. The clown's son, Javier, tries to rescue him, but his father is killed during the escape. Before dying, Javier's father tells him to seek revenge. The story now jumps to 1973 as Javier, now a blobby man in his 40s, joins a circus as the "sad" clown. The "happy" clown is Sergio, an absolute brute who drinks and beats his girlfriend Natalia. Sergio is the star attraction of the circus. Javier falls for Natalia and attracts the wrath of Sergio. The rest of the story is better seen than described.  Iglesia tells his story in images, and his inventiveness never flags. The opening credits and the initial battle form the most visually dynamic opening sequence I've seen in years, and the final ten minutes or so are just as strong. Iglesia doesn't just string together eye-catching scenes for their own sake; he maintains a strong storyline throughout, albeit it's a story that can be a bit loopy and improbable. The only problem with this film is that it's filled, I assume, with political commentary and symbolism that's completely opaque to a non-Spaniard such as myself. This didn't lessen my enjoyment of the film, it just annoyed me to think that if I was Spanish I'd be enjoying it even more. The Last Circus is one of those films that celebrates that fact that film is a visual medium first and foremost, and not just a recording device for dialogue and images cooked up in a computer.  You can read more of my reviews at JettisonCocoon dot com.
Felon is the worst movie I have ever watched that is about prison. The movie starts off rather interestingly where a family father is put in jail for accidentally killing a man who was robbing his house but was fleeing. He took a five year prison sentence plea deal.  Now my main issue with this movie is the fact that the movie tries to make it appear as if our justic system is faulty in the way that we dictate sending someone to prison is by making up a plea deal. No jury would convict a man of manslaughter or murder after someone robbing his house and him slugging him.  Once in prison, we see more of the movie's strange idea that everyone in prison is truly innocent of their crimes. One man was in for life for killing the people that killed his wife and dauther. The idea is that everyone in prison had "good intentions" yet were falsely place in prison for crimes of protecting the ones they love. Even more so, it shows that prison guards somehow have super powers where they can send people off to more years in prison by falsify reports.  Throughout the entire movie, there are paid fights that are not only amoung the prisoners but also guards have bets and influences on it.  The entire movie is just whack. I do not believe that our justice system is so out of place that everyone in prison right now are forced to defend themselves and everyone is innocent of their crimes. It just doesn't make sense. Of course there are exceptions but this movie make it look like everyone is there just because our system failed.
Wonderful romantic movie!!!  Really enjoyed it. Robert Pattinsen is an excellent young actor. He will continue, I'm sure, making movies that draw in his audience. He is a natural actor! "Remember Me" has what is ESSENTIAL to a good movie, namely "A STRONG, BELIEVABLE STORY LINE"!!!!
Such a beautiful film!  It is however, very violent and bloody, but so were those times.  Cinematography was outstanding. Vintage Nigel Terry and Helen Mirren.  And of course, the haunting musical score featuring Wagner and Orff.  This is moviemaking at its best!
well im just wrtitng this to say how amazing and incredible gossip girl is in general. chuck and blair absolutley make the show for me and all the drama and scandals. i am just in love with this show. this show is so perfect for teenagers and young adults. you must, must, MUST watch season 1 and then season 2. you cant skip seasons! you just cant, its worth your while watching both, believe me! gossip girl will change your life, you get addicted, its so well written the made. the actors are all babes and the acting is to such a high standard. and the clothing and fshion are just to die for. anyway, watch season 1 and season 2. it will keep you wanting more, believe me!!  i love gossip girl :):)
Very good story, the acting was smart, clever, and dramatic!  The emotions of the characters came across crystal clear and the undertones were cleverly magnificent!  A must see love story that spans generations.
Recieved product very fast!  Was very happy since I had ordered with someone else and found out right before Christmas they were out of stock.  This person delivered, and in time for Christmas.  Would definitley do business with again!
I love BSG, but there is something odd about this DVD. I checked it against the aired version, and there are missing scenes on the DVD, most notably, the scene with young Adama fighting around the ice planet 40 years before the present events. The DVD goes straight to the young Adama in the cylon lab/torture chamber and completely omits the fight scene in orbit and in the atmosphere.  Could be a problem with my particular DVD, but I notice that the disk itself does not say its extended, only the box. Maybe I just got a mixup. Would really love to know what happened.  Its still a great movie, though.
This 50 year old cartoon is simply the best and this remastered copy is even better. The detail and color in this dvd is superb.
This is a great and fantastic series with a truly interesting story line.  Although the flashbacks in the story telling are sometimes confusing. The overall package is quite nice.  A definate must have for anime collectors.
Samantha (Molly Ringwald) wakes up on the morning of her 16th birthday.  This is a milestone most of us remember in one way, shape or form.  After all, at 16 we're about 1/2 way through high school and just 2 years(!) away from having to be considered as adults.  Just one problem:  everyone has forgotten about Samantha's birthday.  Oh no!  With her older sister getting married, Samantha's family has had too many distractions to keep up with anything involving normalcy.  Poor Samantha is also suffering the heartache of suffering a crush on a senior who could never return her love.  Or could he?  As Hamlet would say, THAT is the question!  {Ah, nothing like teenage puppy love;  my oh my how I remember it well}  If you're into 80s nostalgia (like me!) then this DVD is a must-have.  It stars Anthony Michael Hall as a mega-geek;  just before his career flamed out.  It also stars a young John Cusack in a bit part.  Even though Cusack has maybe a dozen lines, one can still see the genesis of the on-screen charisma he would exude - little wonder that charisma launched him into stardom.  Looking back 20+ years later, these so called "brat pack" movies are more important than ever for people like me who grew up during the 80s.  While my HS years were far from the best years of my life, I still indulge in reminiscing  from time to time.  If you do the same, then this one is for you!  Just one note:  if this film were rated today, it would be at LEAST a PG-13 if not an "R."  So.....if you're thinking about buying this for a daughter / niece who is turning 16, I'd think twice about it.  I'll leave it @ that.
The blueray audio/video is not noticibly better than DVD. I seem to have paid extra for a lot of very silly memorabilia, such as a reproduction of the show ticket and a case that looks like one of those suede leather jackets that were popular in the late 60's early 70's  My guess is that they put their investment in this silly memorabilia rather than a digital remastering of the movie that would have taken advantage of the blueray format.  This is not a good value. Look for this movie in a simple, less expensive product packaging.
I had been eagerly awaiting the arrival of this DVD in my mailbox since I read that it was being recorded.  It does not disappoint.  It is an excellent representation of where Derek Trucks is as a musician and an clues the viewer in on why being part of a band is more important to his creative process than any solo/star turn could ever be.  In this DVD the viewer can see the continuing collaboraive process at work.  The song selection is first rate.  The band opens with Joyful Noise, the title track from the record that preceded songlines.  They play 20 songs including much of the Songlines record (unfortunately no version of This Sky, but you can't have everything).  Also included are blistering versions of two songs closely related to Derek and the Dominoes, Key to the Highway and Anyday.  The former is a clinic in how to construct a guitar solo and shows the differece in approach between Derek Trucks and most players.  Instead of attacking the solo and leaving it all in the first chorus, he starts slowly and builds to a climax.  Anyday, on of my favorite Clapton/Allman performances cooks with passion and technical excellence.  As for the video feed, the visual effect is stunning.  The colors are vivid, and one catches some of the subtle interplay between musicians.  I went back and made the logical comparison between this disc and the Allman Brothers Band's One Way Out, Live at the Beacon Theatre, and frankly the video is much clearer and more appealing (though I prefer the ABB musically).  The bonus features are quite nice, though I would have liked more.  A long piece about the nature of being on the road with the DTB and the approach to the music was informative and lots of fun.  It was especially gratifying to hear Derek talk about his career, friends and influences.  The second section "Recording Songlines" was a nice window into the recording process. The final section "Working Overtime" talked about Derek's workload, sharing time between this band and the Allman Brothers, and now the Eric Clapton tour.  All in all an excellent value in a DVD.  Watch it, the joy might be contagious.  Highly recommend
Yeah, so its not a big break through that Mcdonalds is bad for your health, but nonetheless this documentary entertains me. The part thats really humorous is when he visits the schools and asks him how they serve their lunches while he tracks down people that buy outrageous things as lunches. Its worth the rental if you want to have some fun
Both movies are worth the price but Bataan has all the elements of a true cinema classic.  Putting aside the attitude of the movie industry at large when promoting patriotism during these years...this film reaches that rare plateau of true cinematic art.  The cinematography is crisp and uses the black and white canvas to paint an ever encroaching somber inevitability to the soldiers situation. The set design is a marvel of studio filming. The effects when required are breathtaking.  The acting is as good as it gets, right down to Desi Arnaz in an early portrayal before his hook-up with Lucy. The uneasy alliance between Robert Taylor and Lloyd Nolan mirrors the situation they find themselves in.  Thomas Mitchell and George Murphy are pitch perfect.  The script is terse and world weary.  It's clear the five writers (that's right) knew where of they spoke.  The Directors (Edward Dmytryck and Tay Garnett) take their story and players and put them through their paces until you can feel the heat and the humidity in your bones.  This picture is an example of the studio system at it's apex.  Everything comes together in a way that gives you a clear picture of what it must have been like for disparate G.I. Joes slogging through the routine of inherent bravery and cowardice mixed together in a cocktail that gets the job done.  Truly a great American film.  And it gets better, included for the price of a single movie on markdown is the stirring follow-up classic starring The Duke himself, ably assisted by Anthony Quinn and others.  While it falls short of the artistic achievement of Bataan, it is no slouch in delivering the kind of action and bravery World War II required of our soldiers.  And basically that's what both movies are about - OUR SOLDIERS, who gave and are giving to this day, their lives to protect our way of life, however mangled that black and white line has become, it still boils down to the G.I. waging war and dying in the process.  We owe them a lot more than we admit.
This baroque offering tells the tale of how the embattled Elizabeth (Cate Blanchett) - a Protestant princess in a catholic court - rose to become the queen of England in name and deed.  The story opens with the impending death of Mary, Elizabeth's Catholic half-sister and the reigning ruler of England. Religious persecution of Protestants includes burning at the stake - an horrific display at the story's start.  Unable to stave death or produce an heir, Mary paves the way for her half-sister's ascension - even as she condemns Elizabeth as a bastard.  Crowned queen, Elizabeth is hardly secure in her position.  With Catholicism dominant, English Bishops side with Rome, Spain and France against her, undermining her authority and preaching against those who would rise to her defense.  Outwardly, they urge her marriage to any one of several suitable suitors - foreign born Spanish or French princes.  On her side, Elizabeth's resources are meager - the kindly but ineffectual Sir William Cecil (Richard Attenborough) , the passionate (perhaps too passionate) Sir Robert Dudley (Joseph Fiennes) and Sir Francis Walsingham (Jeffrey Rush, helping make this look like a "Shakespeare in Love" reunion) as Elizabeth's warrior-assassin.  With Papal intrigues linking Rome to the insidious Duke of Norfolk (Christopher Eccleston), and a military threat posed by the formidable French war-mistress Mary of Guise (Fanny Ardant), Elizabeth's tenure seems doomed from the moment of her coronation.  Instead, her headstrong resolve (and Walsingham's clever moves) secure her until she can consolidate her rule.  By the end of the film, already the target of numerous barely botched assassination attempts, Elizabeth emerges corseted and whitened, a virtual living ghost who held the throne for the sake of England but lost out on love and her own security. This is a great film, but mostly because of Cate Blanchett, who seems regal even when (especially the early part of the flick) when it's clear she doesn't know what she's doing.  She can be funny (telling the Bishops that it doesn't matter which suitor of France or Spain is superior - she'll simply marry both), but never above letting everybody know who wears the crown. Jeff Rush is also great as her Elizabethan-era mentat.  The story however is weak - it seems that Walsingham manages to do what he can because, despite his notoriety, there seems no shortage of victims willing to let him come close enough for the kill.  Elizabeth's consolidation itself culminates in a purge of Catholic subversives led by Norfolk, but that requires some explanation because such a purge would require the sort of substantial support that Elizabeth clearly lacked.  The relationship between Walsingham and the Queen is also understated, possibly because it would complicate Elizabeth's relationship with Dudley.  Still Blanchett carries the film, helped by excellent cinematography which creates an England shrouded in gloom.
A great film and DVD. Highly recommended as it has something for everyone. I loved it when I saw it 15 years ago and it's just as good and relevant now.
I can't understand why Hollywood should try to make remakes of the unremakeable.  Peter Sellers can not be beaten and Steve Martin doesn't rate at all.  Martin is decidely un-funny and should be ashamed of this abomination.  The original is witty, classy, has an unbeatable cast of international skilled actors and actresses.  This attempt to modernise it is truly awful.  Save your money and buy the 1964 original with the great soundtrack of Henry Mancini.
I'm not really an anime person, but all the same I've really gotten into watching Coyboy Bebop with my boyfriend.  He really wanted to see it so I bought him the set and we've been watching it together.  What really gets me is the music.  It would be a completely different show without the amazing soundtrack!  The music really brings out the action and makes you really want to a part of what is going on.  Highly recommended!
I won't go into details about the movie. Fans of Mad Max already know the plight of Max Rockatansky and how he became the Road Warrior. Instead, I will go into how this DVD is better than the original released in the United States. First off, get this DVD. If all you have ever seen is the USA version with the awful dubbed American voices, then you have not seen the true Mad Max movie. Let me say something about dubbing: it normally doesn't come off well, especially when you redub English with English, as is the case with Mad Max. You lose ALL the emotions that the actors had originally portrayed in the movie. With Mad Max, this is entirely true. In fact, the actors that did the dubbed voices completely carried their emotions over the edge to the point of campiness. In no WAY did they portray the real emotions of the characters and it ruined the movie. It actually made excellent actors look bad and made the entire movie campy, which it isn't. It has it's moments of humor that actually fill in nicely with the Aussie voices, but is pushed over the edge in campiness with the American dubbing. It really is that bad, especially now that I've seen it with the Aussie voices. Once I saw this movie with the original Aussie voices, my opinion changed. I may be so bold as to say that this movie is possibly better than Mad Max 2 - The Road Warrior (and let's get that changed to Mad Max 2 now since everyone knows about Mad Max). What really upset me was that in the American version, they even ADDED dialogue that was SO unnecessary! I didn't realise this until I saw the Aussie version. This is not only a great action movie, but a wonderful drama as well. It has so many elements from different genres: action, suspense, horror, drama. George Miller put together an excellent movie on such a low budget. A lot of the elements were lost due to the dubbing but have now been brought back to life with this DVD release. One case is when Mel is talking to Jessie after Goose buys the farm. In the American dubbed version, Max doesn't seem that broken up about it. However, hearing Mel's voice, you can hear how Max is near tears, upset and sad that his best friend is dead. It really brings you closer to the characters to the point that you feel for them as real people. This was driven home to me even more during the scene when Jessie and Sprog are about to be mowed down by the Toecutter and his band of seedy thugs. When Jessie was running away, my mood turned to sadness, knowing what was about to happen. Once it happened, that sadness turned to extreme anger. When Max finally extracts his revenge, I was cheering. That NEVER happened with the American dubbed version. The DVD has two excellent documentories: one on how the movie was made and the other about Mel Gibson's rise to fame. There are also trailers, TV spots and posters available as well as the original American dubbed (mono) track, a commentary track, and a trivia track that pops up cool trivia bits while you watch the movie. At the price they have listed, this is a steal!...No true Mad Max fan would be without this movie. It was SO excellent that I watched it twice the day I bought it. Get it or else, it's time to send the MFP after you!
Rudolph, Santa, Frosty,Little Drummer Boy,Mr Magoo's Christmas Carol, Cricket on the Hearth are truly classics. Why they put Frosty Returns in there is a mystery. I have never seen it in all my 55yrs. The children almost look like Charlie Brown. That aside it is a great set. They have been restored but you can still at times see flicks of the film running. I personally love that, makes it just like it was on TV when I was a child. If you grew up on these then you will love them all over again.  My very favorite is The Little Drummer Boy. I have wanted a copy for years. I had it on VHS from the TV but it was poor quality, they did a great job on restoring it.  You also get a CD to play the songs which I missed when ordering the God Box Deal. I was so excited at the price and that it had my favorites on it. Just wish they had the the real sequel to Frosty.<a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002M5U7E">Frosty's Winter Wonderland/Twas the Night Before Christmas</a>guess I have to get that by it's self. This is a great deal as I saw the set at my local Mart store on sale for $20 this week.
A long time ago in a decade far, far away, George Lucas knew when he was out of his depth, and got a REAL writer to create a screenplay, and a REAL director to direct his film.  This still stands as the best of all the Star Wars films, making the recent horrors (Phantom Menace and Attack of the Clones) look like the appalling rubbish they are.  Empire Strikes Back isn't just a sci-fi space opera. Its a real film, with real emotion, great character development and enormous depth in so many areas. The Force is a spiritual thing, not a politically-correct biological phenomenon designed to pacify the fundamentalist Christians who object to the Force steering their kids away from Church (a-la Phantom Menace). Han and Leia's relationship is full of wonderful feeling you can believe. Luke's development as a Jedi is beautifully portrayed throughout the middle sections of the film. And of course, the adventure is non-stop. This film is a great ride of character-development mixed with space battles that are used to enhance the story, not BE the story (a-la Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith).  George, when are you going to remake Episodes 1, 2 and 3 using a REAL writer and a REAL director? Its time you apologized to your long-standing fans of 30+ years and gave us something worthy of the Star Wars legend, on a par with this wonder-work. Oh, and George .... the greatest special effects imaginable don't make a good film. Good old fashioned storytelling makes a good film. Have another look at Star Wars (I refuse to call it A New Hope) and Empire Strikes Back. See what you created back then, and try to regain the same genius storytelling ability you had 30 years ago. What you make now is garbage.
Monroe Stahr is a high-powered Hollywood executive seen as a creative genius by his studio peers.  What makes him so different from so many executive screen depictions is that he is not the boisterously expansive "eat on the run" giant one so frequently sees, but is more of an otherwise faceless bureaucrat who says little and acts only when it is necessary.  "The Last Tycoon" was director Elia Kazan's last film.  The 1976 drama was adapted from the final work of F. Scott Fitzgerald.  Fitzgerald's friend John O'Hara and others of the literary cognoscenti believed it would be his enduring work, but alas, before he could complete it he succumbed to a fatal heart attack in his apartment at the Laurel Arms in Hollywood, located next door to the Garden of Allah, the author's favorite Southern California residence, but one that was beyond his means at that point of a problem plagued career.  The difficulty with a work of this kind that ends before the creator had an opportunity to instill a deft finishing touch is that so much is left to the imagination as we abound in a sea of speculation.  Celebrated British playwright and screen scenarist Harold Pinter entered the picture and applied his efforts to provide a conclusion.  He focuses on the enigmatic and impossible to reach elements of Monroe Stahr, who was drawn in real life by Fitzgerald from his days as an MGM screenwriter, when he knew and observed Irving Thalberg.  Like Fitzgerald, Thalberg was a product of New York intellectual circles.  Both soared like comet while still in their twenties.  They both also died tragically young.  Fitzgerald's heart problems brought about his death at 44.  Thalberg, never blessed with a strong constitution, succumbed at 37 from pneumonia.  Robert DeNiro, then a hot young talent who had recently dazzled in "Taxi Driver," played the cards dealt him with professional skill as the enigmatic Monroe Stahr.  It is difficult to internalize a driving dynamo that keeps so much of his emotion pent up within him, as was the character's persona.  Robert Michum does his usual superb job, this time as the studio head that tries to understand DeNiro, but is ultimately as perplexed as anyone else.  So is his spoiled daughter played by Theresa Russell.  On her vacation time from an impressive Eastern college she seeks to seduce DeNiro, but her passes fall consistently incomplete.  Instead DeNiro expends his outward passions, but even then in his normal distant style, on Ingrid Boulting, who is engaged to an architect who spends much of his time out of Los Angeles.  On one of those occasions, when she is visiting the studio as a tourist, DeNiro sees her and is awestruck at the resemblance between her and his deceased former movie star wife, whose tragedy he cannot put behind him.  Boulting's friend Anjelica Houston runs interference and hopes to attract the movie executive's romantic attention, but she cannot help but fail.  Whereas she is direct and extroverted, DeNiro is cut from the same cloth as her girlfriend Boulting, with both being taciturn enigmas.  The tempest waiting to erupt within DeNiro ultimately explodes when Mitchum assigns his troubleshooter to talk to New Yorker Jack Nicholson, who has come to Hollywood to unionize writers.  Mitchum  disgustedly refers to Nicholson as a Communist agitator, normal terminology from studio executives seeing union organizers as threats to their tightly run power bases.  When it is DeNiro who ultimately loses his poise by getting drunk and being unable to tend to business at the time that Mitchum needs him to be in top form the studio boss, along with the chief legal representative from the New York office, played with executive efficiency by Ray Milland, believe it is time for DeNiro to take a long and badly needed rest.  In a film that is replete with big names Tony Curtis excels in his role as a frightened leading man who has developed impotence.  He goes to DeNiro and tells him his story, looking for help.  The irony is that seeking assistance from the highly troubled DeNiro is like the legendary case of "the blind leading the blind."
In short this is a great work out for novice or professional belly dancers of all styles to keep your left and right side in balance. It is perfect for all styles as a conditioner and if you love tribal you will love it more.
This will probably be the shortest review I've ever written because I'm laughing and applauding so hard--so uncontrollably, I can't quit shaking or still my hands long enough to type!  I know, I know! <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000OVLBEY">Ghost Rider (Full Screen Edition)</a> is a supernatural thriller and a decent one at that, so I'm not supposed to laugh. I assure you, I'm not laughing AT the movie, I'm ROTFLMAO with DELIGHT at the animation, graphics, and special effects. The fiery visuals lit my fire!  Spontaneous combustion!  You see, I'm a graphic/animation/special effects freak; that's what turns me on!  I was as caught up in the plot of <a href="http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000OVLBEY">Ghost Rider (Full Screen Edition)</a> as I am with most movies, enjoying it in a normal way ... but when the great Nicolas Cage (motorcyclist Johnny Blaze) metamorphoses into the Ghost Rider--a flaming skull-headed monster--and his chopper lights up like a million candles, I loooooved it.  The scenes where Cage (Blaze) rides the highway ... body, head and cool chopper spitting fire as he roars along, literally incinerating everything in his path ... well, they're stupendous.  Filmed on nights as black as Satan's soul, everything but Cage and his bike is stark dark, creating startling contrasts as the blazing bike and burning biker lick out at the darkness with searing tongues of hungry fire.  And wait till you see cowboy Sam Elliot, the first Ghost Rider, riding his flaming horse alongside Cage's fiery chopper.  I've heard of burning rubber, but these two Ghost Riders torch that road, leaving fiery tracks and the skeletons of incinerated animals in their wake!  Awesome! That's my favorite scene in the entire movie.  (Can't you picture Elliot's genial, yet weathered face--with that trademark, lop-sided smirk--as he passes the reins of power on to Cage, the next skull-faced angel of vengeance who must battle the forces of evil?)  Good acting!  Good casting! Outstanding photography! Colossal effects!  Director Mark Steven Johnson can film my movie any time he wants!  Since the original inspiration for the character was "Ghost Riders in the Sky," a song made popular by Vaughn Monroe in the late '40s, you might want to hear Monroe sing the song as you view a YouTube video that also has some fantastic visuals: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xsfw9CEQITA  No need for me to go into the plot because the Amazon description at top of product page does that so well, even giving some spoilers for good measure. But spoilers or not, Marvel comics fan or not, I think you'll enjoy this movie.  (This review wasn't so short after all; the subject fired me up! ... lol)  Reviewed by: Betty Dravis, 2008 Author of: Millennium Babe: The Prophecy
I was a little disappointed in the production of this DVD because it was poorly done. It does not measure up to the quality of other live performance clips I have heard Conway perform.
If this incredible films winning of eleven Academy awards including Best Picture and Best director and being the highest grossing film of all time doesn't speak for itself I don't know what else would.  "Titanic" is quite simply one of the best tales of a true life tragedy interspersed with a fictional love story ever made, all of which combines to make director James Cameron appear a true genius which in terms of being a film director he is.  Only one note of caution need be applied to watching this film on DVD and that is to know where the pause button is on your DVD player when considering the three hour length of the film. I will freely admit that I'm not a big Leonardo DiCaprio fan but when it comes to this film he did an exceptional job in the role of Jack.  Instrumental in the success of this film, beyond the exceptional script, is the performance given by the ever beautiful Kate Winslet in the role of Rose.  Noteworthy are the performances given by the supporting cast to include the likes of David Warner, Kathy Bates and Billy Zane and of course a couple of James Cameron's staple actors who crop up in almost all of his films in Bill Paxton and Jenette Goldstein. As testimony to the brilliance of director James Cameron one only needs to take a look at his list of directorial and script credits which includes; "The Terminator," "Aliens," "The Abyss," "T2:  Judgment Day," "True Lies" and "Titanic."  With a list such as this one James Cameron has most certainly gone down in history as one of the most successful directors/screen writers in history and deservedly so.  It would be nice to see him take a break from television and take up the film directing mantle once again as one can almost call it a sure bet film when he's in the director's chair. The Premise: On April 14th, 1912 one of western civilization's most tragic events occurred when a ship thought to be unsinkable did exactly that, struck an iceberg and sank killing hundreds of passengers in the process as the ships builders seemed to have made one mistake after another in the construction of this "magnificent" vessel. Director/screen writer James Cameron concocts a glorious love story around this true life tragedy and quite poignantly portrays the disparity of classes aboard the vessel as the first class passengers live in the lap of luxury even during the "abandonment" of the vessel while the poor are treated with palpable disdain to include being locked below decks after the ship begins to sink. While the true story of this movie is the sinking of the ship told through Cameron's brilliant writing and direction there is whole myriad of other things going on that are not noticeable but would've been had they been done incorrectly, chief among these are the costumes and the sets of the Titanic. The truly fictitious portion of this tragedy is told through Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart) as she regales present day treasure hunters of her time on the Titanic and the gloriously passionate but brief love affair between her and Jack Dawson who was a free spirited artist who taught her how to live despite his destiny... I highly recommend this film to any and all who are fans of what movie making is all about!  {ssintrepid} Special Features: -Theatrical Trailer
I say for the casual Mel Brooks fan, because that is what I am and it was perfect for me.  You've got your best known Brooks films all right here.  I ordered this when it was a DoD and I knew I was going to be off of work for a few weeks recovering from surgery.  It was a perfect distraction.  To be honest, I ordered it mainly for Blazing Saddles, History of the World, Part 1 and Young Frankenstein.  I had forgotten how much I enjoyed To Be or Not to Be and High Anxiety. That was a pleasant surprise.  Quality of the films is fine.  If you are on the fence and the price is good, go for it.
I have only one word to describe the fugitive......AWESOME.  Definitely the best action drama of the last decade.  The script is perfect.  The acting.... flawless.  The show deserved the Oscar Best Movie nomination.  Most of all, TLJ was a well deserved Best Supporting Actor winner. Definitely Harrison Ford's best performance since Indiana Jones.
Criterion gave this release their red-carpet treatment including: a full-length extra disc bio of the director; full-length commentary; a few interviews; a seventy-page booklet; as always, restored print and sound (the quality of the movie is well-known; the score for this movie is exceptional).  If you have been waiting as I have for late-period Mizoguchi DVD releases, wait no longer and pick this up.
I am down to my last 70 or so vhs movies. The seeming zillions of others have either been converted to dvd, replaced on dvd or burned to dvd from a movie channel. But this last 70, well, they are the question marks: Do I really want to replace them with the dvd's? Will they ever be broadcast on any of the movie channels I get? Do I just need to let them go because I've seen them enough?  The Distinguished Gentleman is another of those "Golden Age of Murphy" films that hold up again and again - each viewing bringing laughs.  Although this particular film leans a bit too hard on the redemption and punishment side of things, what makes it all work is Eddie: good-looking, ridiculously charming and smarter than should be allowed.  His supporting cast is pretty impressive as well: James Garner, Charles Dutton, Joe Don Baker and wasn't that Della Reese playing the congressional elevator operator?  Fast-paced, clever dialog and again, Eddie Murphy - in the golden Murphy age.  When you're planning an evening "Trading Places," "Coming to America," "48 Hours," etc, be sure to include "The Distinguished Gentleman" too.
I have read all the books and found them to be excellent.  The series starts as a made for TV weekly program with the same script, but half way through starts drawing from the book and becomes better.  I have seen some of second season and can't wait of it to become available.  My advice to the user is to read the books first.
All I will say is that this is a good movie. I had to watch this miovie in my college english class. The assignment was to point out arguments made throughout the movie, such as character, music, and personality arguments. Tjis is a great movie. The violence and the profanity was needed in this movie inorder to have effective arguments. i liked it and I have recommended my friends and family members to watch it!!!!
good movie, funny movie. Unusual movie. The big surprise was Tom Cruise as an ugly, unappealing, unethical, balding movie executive. So much make-up it took minutes to recognize him. Like they said in the commentary, "it's hard to make that m***erf***er look ugly", but they managed it. You can think what you will of his personal beliefs (and god knows, everybody thinks something about them), but he's still got the big nuts as a actor. Here he could be doing MI:4, and he goes and does this bit part playing a disgusting human being. And not only that, it's possibly the funniest part in the movie. It's hysterical. Kudos.
I am embarassed to admit that I saw this video several years ago; I give it 2 stars.  I suppose the film quality is excellent, but in my opinion, a waste of film to make this.  The plot is forgettable, and, at the risk of offending those who like it, "I spent two hours out of my life watching this, and can't get them back again for something constructive."
This movie is a timeless classic. A story of a man bred for war who learns emotion and overcomes superior forces to save a society that initially made him an outcast. Great stuff.
I usually don't write reviews for Amazon, but this movie was so bad I wanted to try to save others from my misery.  1/3 of the way through, I was really tempted to stop watching, but kept telling myself that it might get better.  It never did.  I have Amazon Prime so I'm not out any money, but I did waste my time.
It would be real cozy if Oswald had just been a disturbed individual who didn't get enough love and attention as a child, as in the Peter Gabriel song Family Snapshot, but alas, that might be an over-simplification. Whatever you think about the Conspiracy/No Conspiracy battle, anybody should be able to appreciate this stunning movie, as a movie, which features a performance by Kevin Costner that is basically as good as it gets. I won't repeat the rightful praise heaped on the movie by other reviewers, except to say that every good thing you have heard about this masterpiece is true.  As for the Conspiracy itself, the movie contains a few elements that may have arguably been discredited but on the whole, it asks a lot of questions that have never been satisfactorily answered. After the shameful whitewash attempt by author Gerald Posner, 'Case Closed' (gotta love his arrogance) JFK is like a breath of fresh air. Personally, I didn't like or trust Kennedy, so I don't have a political axe to grind by aligning myself with the Pro-Conspiracy side. It's just that there is enough questionable data to make any reasonable person doubt the official explanations.  Gerald Posner's utterly laughable 'explanation' of the second shot as being a reflex action, in which JFK's head suddenly jerked backwards, is all you need to hear to know that the level of intelligence of the anti-Conspiracy side is enough to give Homer Simpson a superiority complex.  Olly Stone has got so much right here that the actual fine detail is almost irrelevant. He has gone a long way towards proving that a complex Conspiracy did in fact exist, and that's without including some of the most extreme (though not ridiculous) theories. Just enjoy JFK as a piece of Art, because thanks to Stone, Costner and a stunning cast, that is what it is.
Not only does this set have all the classics there are bonus features (extra cd's) on each glorious movie.  You cannot go wrong with this set.  If you have children, this is a must-buy item - they will view these movies over and over again.  And no worries about inappropriate materials - this is good wholesome entertainment for the entire family.
Under product reviews not one of the actor's listed have I ever heard of, but those listed  "ARE THE STARS" of this movie--WHAT?, how funny!. other that I love this movie.
This movie uses the name of McQuarrie(actor Jim Davis) as the guerilla raider who leads a gang of deserters as they raid and loot army caravans and towns.  They marauder and destroy these towns and murder the people who resist.  Scouts for the overland stage Gene Autry and side kick Pat Buttram are called into to stop the looting and killing.  This movie also stars Bob Steele and Gail Davis who assist in the effort.  Steele at first is deceived by McQuarrie but ends up being the hero in the end when he finds out how wrong he was.  Good look into the past history, one of Mr. Autry's more informative and historial westerns.  5 stars for the history buffs like myself!!
This has to be one of my all time favorite foreign films.  I loved the book and I think the movie is equally good.  The story is set around a young woman named Tita, who according to an unfair family tradition, must care for her overbearing, demanding mother.  Because of this, she is unable to marry the young man she has fallen in love with and transfers her passion into the meals she prepares(with very interesting results!).  Based on the book by Laura Esquivel and directed by her husband at the time (Alfonso Arau, who also directed the Keanu Reeves movie, "A Walk in the Cloud") this film is a captivating fairy tale that is sure to entertain.
I bought this elsewhere and thankfully was able to return it. the DVD quality is abysmal-- I burned a copy from VHS that absolutely looks restored compared to this. the colors on this transfer are horribly washed out and fuzzy. Rent the tape instead.
I'm just going to say that this is one of my all time favorite comedies. The fact that Aretha Franklin, Ray Charles, Johnny Lee Hooker, Frank Oz, Carrie Fisher, and Cab Calloway, join John Belushi and Dan Akroyd make this movie. Most everything about this fantastic film has prob. been covered a thousand times over.  To see a car do 120 + M.P.H in downtown Chicago under the EL, following several classic car chases, is amazing. One, near the end, includes a motorhome, and hundreds of police cars.  Great soundrack, one of the greatest collection of stars, speeding cars, and lot's of one liners.  Classic movie.
Absolutely brilliant series.  Dramatic, hilarious, sexy ... Life in a five-star hotel from the staff's perspective.  The actors are all excellent; casting was very well done.  Technically first-rate - love the camera work, reminiscent of 'Goodfellas.' I guarantee you'll be hooked after the first episode - I only regret it was a finite series, and didn't continue for several more seasons.
I first watched the show on a trip there to Australia and we got hooked! Now we've watched all those that are available and, while it's not rocket science, there are still surprises and lots of fun. It is a great escape to Australia with all the fun quirk sayings, terrific men and gorgeous women...and lots of horses, scenery and farming.  Sure, there are some parts that might not be accurate depictions of farming down-under, but for our family who farms in N. America, it is so enjoyable and refreshing. A good chance to feel warm on a rainy day and have a good laugh or teary evening.  I'm looking forward to the new characters in season 6 and the development of the old ones. I regret they are such pricey collections, but I've just now, this second, finished the 5th season and can't wait to hear when number 6 will arrive. So, epic? No...but entertaining and nice family fun/drama. Start at the first and work your way through. Most of all just enjoy the music, sweet emotions and beautiful australia.
